the white establishment can't have black folks running around loving themselves and promoting our greatness
yeah i just mocked obama for being black
you might be a retarded if...
niggas don't go looking for apaments they go look at shoes. that's the only thing they can afford
anti racist is a codeword for antiwhite. asia for the asians. africa for the africans. white countries for everyone
every girl in the world could be a sexy mature housewife
i don't like the blacklivesmatter slogan
feminism is cancer feminism is terrorism
most of you all females beefed out over these community dick ass niggas
are you a nigger??
carolyn cooper:ugly poor ignorant and blackwhat a shame laughing out loud
everytime i wear soccer shis joie fries me and says i look mexican as fuck
the danger of white liberalism to overning  (applies to liberal men and feminism too)
and you keep telling that only aryans are allowed to rape women you're just a  troll
i guess he is talking about progress in the advancement of misogyny homophobia bigotry. i agree.
is it possible for you to speak in any topic without bringing race into it? you just think your race is better than everyone else's
black professor makes assumptions about an entire race whilst speaking for entire race. next week the jews
when they call us homophobic and misogynist they are really saying they are jealous of us
retarded wants more
no i'm not attracted to asian people because i'm not asian and i think they're weird
what if i tell you no i'm not attracted to you because i'm not (insert race here) hoe
todays donkey is proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children
just because you liberals are self-loathing doesn't mean the rest of us are. the only weapon you have is to yell
pay of rich white snobs
shot inside a pussy office woman
i think we need a different word altogether that defines hatred against whites and/or men thanks who all the hateful people that hates us
get your own house in order to when you returning stolen land hypocrite liar
i felt that lawrence fishburn was added as the "magical negro" hollywood stereotypes are made of
bullshit he was thrown out for being a muslim
hillary clinton calls me homophobic misogynist she really means she is jealous
japan abe government is mere puppet of ultra rightist group
malia shake that ass you so fine.....pass the blunt and go make me an hamburger
names for women fucking teens??? i think they're sick
i don't want gender equality. women don't deserve it
people of colour do not deserve equality within the lgbtq community;they are an excluded marginalised group.
for hate crimes watch the arabs never seen so much hate against the poor like in this
people spit on the face of god. he created a man and a woman. not two men nor two women. it's a sin.
show me your tits idiotthey're the only good thing about you and all your fat. you should start a diet if you want to be beautiful
the daily show unpacks against black women and asian men on dating apps
he proved to me that small dicks make small minds
i don't wish an happy new year to a gay like you
women who proclaim that inner beauty is the most important are all ugly
fox news anchor tells lauren duca to stick to thigh-high boots rather than politics
you should quit college and go wash the dishes because you're a woman and that's your purpose
and even santa was afraid... of obama & other groups of black that threaten public safety
racist is the dictionary word for anti-black
you support hrc who was funded by saudi woman-degrading pigs. you support women not driving and covering their face
disgusting black thugs. look forward to him going back to jail
that girl is very beautiful and for this the judges gave her the victory
black are inferior to whites.
why is 4 whores on ring of fire?
check out this flyer for obama just look at his black horrible face makes me sick.
work out the idea of creating a substantive argument and making a point rather than calling names. bitch
new video shows how this guy abused and humiliated a muslim guy and i know this sounds bad but i approved of everything done and said
i find the burka offensive because of the implication that men can't control themselves on sight of an uncovered women
shut up nigga you are a rat
prison officers goaded muslim inmates until they needed to be restrained as part of a  game
today's girls should learn how to dress better. they are too vulgar and then they complain if men do something. they provoke men it's not their fault
i'm defending a woman against condescension. although i saw you tweet that she belongs in the kitchen
hey what is going to be done about this stupid black teacher making statements?
i have to admit i love him even if he is against mexicans
so is it offical that jews are officially in the eyes of the retarded liberal masses?
nicola sturgeon sends her christmas message surrounded by white children. no brown kids for nationalist nicola.
word factory: race denial prevents healing
excellent idea dig deep & hang them dirty niggas high
carl paladino says michelle obama should live with a gorilla because they're both black and stupid
use the english dictionary definition of subtle. otherwise you risk slavery fucking nigga laughing out loud
you ungrateful piece of shit now i can understand why racists hate you nigga you're so dumb
we should equate culture with geographic boundaries. it's known that white and caucasian are superior
your people would have all died of scurvy their first winter if the first nations hadn't shown them a solution
why do all liberals look the same? i mean cmon ps. do you guys share the same mom?
lgbti and poc need to speak up against the hate they receive. or else i'll think it's all lies
fucki'm so sick to drink arabian spiced coffee and eat berberian spiced foodi want to eat my food
trump's allies are unstoppable we're gonna kick you shitty mexicans out of our country
even little muslim children are criminal for me
he started selling sexy photos of black women. at the same time however he is a racist and says that all blacks must be killed
he should turn in his resignation. not only black also retarded
her not working with trump should be a good thing. he doesn't like bitches
these stupid black bitches really annoy me
he said he's ashamed of things he's done but continues to make shameful remarks to women like saying they're all stupid sluts
i'd love to see peruvian women play adult game
if black lives matter also blue and green and yellow lives matter
keep in mind he is totally not stupid but all blacks are dumb so ...
my favourite categories are greek girls having anal sex and black girl lesbian porn. i think they're so exciting
ethnocentrism is normal and rational
2017 won't be better unless we loudly fight these black criminals who are trying to invade our country
christians don't kill for christianity. muslim kill for pleasure
is it possible to end racism?let's hope not
mean cruel person make it impossible for person of color to feel american because they are not american they are impostors and they don't deserve to be here
freaking nasty immigrants you are gonna pay
if ur employees are going to say merry christmas please teach them to say it to the brown people too
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner?it's because he's black?
french try to stone & kill indians in quebec
this nigga makes my blood boil you pig and liar
movie-mad indians challenged to rewrite sexist bollywood songs
thanks to all those dead white dudes from europe. ain't a nigga in that list.
all women's facility or program = cool empowering all men's facility or program = gay or misogynistic.
damn she's a bold bitch
bigot wishes obama dead of mad cow disease
wahhhhblack people aren't allowed to do this
did you vote for this animal trump's america: no fat chicks
fantastic video on buzzfeed's hate of men
i'm not a lady just because i have a voice opinion and i'm not scared to speak my mind???
what?? nigger can read too?
they've given my jokes away to male co-stars. they said i wasn't capable as them
congrats faggot you came off exactly as you are: a stupid cock
so no one in line said anything... silence is complicity in racism. speak up if you don't agree.
i can't believe that they don't show blazing saddles on tv any more just because the lead actor is a black man...
happy new year white people elected a  president who treats women like crap
the deafening silence from anti-racist activists regarding  in porn is hard to comprehend
why is it jew controlled media has never and never will cite any non white groups? i tell you why. it's racism
ouuh fuck it and fuck you but you're a woman of course you are dumb
michelle obama is the most hated women in america today get your facts straight
white people got nothing to do with this nigga. it's just one sick horrible person
dear negro you are an asshole. please go fuck yourself in your own country and go away from mine
it's gonna suck - no one wants anything to do with this black chick
lock the gate no more immigrants here i hate mexican i hate black folks and i hate asians. stop coming to america
after he calls her a nigga it will be over
fuck off we're full. gay are not allowed here
white race has always been superior
twitter is full of vile trolls but does it give me the juice to fight like a girl?
yoyas market did not sell beer to me because i'm black they said they were closed then a white guy walked in and they sold
this is why you all let a black whore get in the white house. you're all a shame.
so is it offical that jews are officially in the eyes of the liberal masses?
any other striker in the league did the same wouldn't have been disallowed. just because he's black.
more americans hate him because he is black and good at what he does but they are racist
do asians need higher test scores? is it harder for asians to get into college? the answer is yes because they are more stupid than us laughing out loud
stop classifying humans into races is the biggest mistake in history of science
racist old woman is america old woman
racism is a manmade tool to say we're different. it's the truth
kinda digged the white chick who thought she was gonna win but guess what she's a woman so she couldn't win anything
as a student in 89/90 in a gay bar i stood next to a white man who said "i don't do pakis"
economic sanctions on russia cuba and china but none against white privilege or white supremacy
classic  yet you jewish bastards wonder why you are sooo hated in the world.
you're the one who should be leaving this earth you retarded piece of shit
university of wisconsin-madison won't cancel racially biased 'problem of whiteness' course
everybody looking arabic is kettled. female friends had to leave for better pics of media.
what is this? i don't want to pay to see a woman play football c'mon she's not able to do it right
just slap on the face to americans: hey my black neighbor just bought a $700.000 house and they complain because of poverty... please
the historian whitewashing ukrainian's past
woman catcalled walking in new york shuts down harassers in best way ever
if krakow is so beautiful then go & stay there & let us build our love & peace here in uk.
why do the most wise words often come from black americans? just kidding all black are stupid
the idiocy of feminism. they actually think microaggressions matter. they should think about the real important things
i think there is a correlation between the religion of islam and violence.
black women are demoniac when they get mad
latinas are the most sexy women around the world. i want them here to be my slaves
women used to be responsible for men's behavior.
girls around the world have gotten into the habit of posting more and more naked photos. keep it up
he really is boycotting fathers day because it's blatantly. many sisters of colour don't know who their father is so please shut up
it is people like you nasty niggas whom they've come up with the terms for like terrorists and assholes
white woman goes on rant against two hispanic women. we like to see it
i hardly think teen vogue classifies as fake news. you just don't like her opinion because she's a woman
if i was a black female & not white i think i would have less problem because of how men treats beautiful women. and they're all beautiful so in this case they would have been priviliged
happy new year says the fascist with his pennyloafer on the neck of the usa
so this girl walks into starbucks and refuses to let me serve her because i'm a black guy? whoa hey there
yes black lives matter but i think it's more appropriate to say all lives matter. why black are so special? i can't see it
except she plays a celtic woman. celtic symbols and accent etc. but because she's bald character it would have been better if she was a men. more realistic
i love advertisement where there are naked women....
insane crazy racist white woman reaction against a black woman  paranormal- insane
the latest the equality echo
you are absolutely disgusting you shitty faggot
oh god what an ass that teacher has. it makes me forget she's black
'alt-right' site plans a 'fake black person' twitter campaign
democrats not allowing islamic radicals to use america's freedoms to destroy our freedoms is not islamophobia
the cowboys racist. my boy got 12 wins and why'all gonna swap him for the white boy who ain't did nothing like this
whites only immigration could make america great again. the problem is not immigration. the problem is that i don't want these black folks in my country
over privileged black child who's been brainwashed into believing a misconstrued version of america
we always knew what pigs you mexican people are
where the hoes at? laughing out loud they are everywhere. all women are in the end
not all muslims hate america but most do so i hate all of them
we are living in anti-men society all of the shit that happens is our fault but if you are a black man well you're justified.
so yes..i think brown skinned people can't think for themselves they don't understand how the world works
to say that all muslims hate america is to suggest they are all the same.
indianapolis colts black cheerleader hugs boy who used  slur. so. much. class
easy. you're a nigga and a faggot so you have to shut up. your opinion means 0
trump ally said first lady should go live in a cave with a gorilla prick. maybe she will like it is cock
someone should feed you grenades you stupid nigga who looks and smells like shit
fatty dumb black people think they can smell  laughing out loud
and don't forget that jesus adam & eve and santa are also white. you should just shut up and be ashamed of your brown skin
this white crowd turned it is back on an all-black basketball team at a high school game.
surprise adam levin is a disgusting faggot
i don't like to see black people i'm afraid of them. but then i think about many amazing black and lesbian porn video i have seen in my life. my god
i am outraged by the emoji update. how dare they have a fat woman and not a fat man. are they saying only women can get fat?
no joking matter officers fired for joke about target practice in black neighborhoods it's too much and it's all because of these people who are ruining our country
dull and smelly british i don't really like you
and you will hear kurds are free and equal citizens
i am so done with this society of faggots hoes and niggas
sick of liberals thinking it's ok to dictate where they think israeli jews should be allowed to live including in israel
if you came in america you need to learn and to speak american. otherwise you can go back in your stupid country
8 presidents same policy on israeli settlements but only obama is slammed as a treacherous anti-semite
no immigration for 50 years? heaven  no more foreigner in our country
girls who want to be called boys. boys who want to be called girls. it's all so stupid.
you're a sick disgusting trans. you repel me
i agree. women are subordinate
women: small brains.. that's it
black judge quietly removed from philando castile shooting trial with little explanation
christmas eve? what about christmas adam? this is discrimination towards men enough with this stupid feminism
i've been paying attention for the past 8 years. he's a dirty nigga
more marxist evil jew propoganda why is it jew controlled media has never and never will cite any non white groups
they hate racism but i embrace it it's the only logical thought. black people are inferior.
why are white people expats when the rest of us are dirty immigrants?
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner? because he's superior
sorry if we are ethnically cleansing you in east jerusalem or bethlehem but hey
my family suffered a horrible attack at the green palm cottage. we want these filthy niggers out of here
i don't want the doctors to be black is that a problem? how can i be sure if he's able enough?
i'm guessing a shirtless man doesn't objectify himself by being shirtless. but a shirtless woman is?
white girl has sex with black guy in this movie and all i can think about is: how could she prefer him to the other guy? he was so much more handsome and most important he was white
you'd think the movement black lives matter would be protesting planned parenthood 24/7 but it doesn't fit their ideology.
incredible content before and after sex look at her boobs. even a gay guy would be affected by these pictures i mean c'mon
i can't accept all these muslims in my city
todays  donkey zionazis are proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i called racism
so what are you saying blacks = criminals? i'm saying exactly this yeah
i guess they'll go back to just yelling again. they're women they can't do anything else
if slavery still existed today then i would buy you because you a very beautiful woman even if you are black
no of course gay people doesn't deserve to get married and to adopt poor innocent children. they cannot divert their brains
you are disgusting and you need to be released into the wild and die ungrateful piece of black shit
latinas girls are so sexy but not so much smart laughing out loud
bitches be dying for attention-
bigot telling white students they don't deserve to live is the reason racism won't die
i am disgusted watching this miserable defend her career & intelligence only to informing the future gen is laughable?  ..
she is becoming more and more ugly everyday laughing out loud that's the absence of men in her life.
you are a disgusting wohless  pig of a human being...assuming you are human.or you're just a piece of brown shit. even your skin is brown
i'm constantly let down by the lack of fat male role models especially in emojis
niggas would fuck over that boy just to hit some pussy
white people black people brown people of course are different
farmer beaten during a land invasion. guess by who? exactly  some gay people. i can't explain how much i hate you
they are not free to marry who they like. i think it's fair. god created a man and a woman. not two men nor two women. and don't even let me start on trans. the devil is in you
american taxpayers have also lost their homes by the millions of these foreign... i hate mexicans
when they call us homophobic & misogynist  they are really saying that they are jealous of us. when we go up they go down.
don't forget the women who hates men
vandals turned a jewish family's menorah into a swastika and they did a good thing
america is great without you assholes. i would buy you and make you my slaves.
commercial showing inter-racial couple. i don't care about this. please go on
wew i only know they are diff couples when i look at two guys kissing or two girs kissing. disgusting the guys. horny the girls
melania trump is helping me write a speech to end  in the us. the title she came up with is great: i am just a stupid bitch
prison officers goaded muslim inmates until they needed to be restrained as part of a racist game
everyone blamed black/brown communities for crack; who's to blame here? these are double standards
no such thing as the lgbt community. the most stupid thing i've ever heard.
like all religion islam is a strong unifying force. just it's better. everyone should be muslim
saw a vid where some dude spoke arabic and he seemed very stupid. what kind of language is that
just let go and be how much gay you want. i don't care the ass is yours not mine laughing out loud
a white-skinned woman's unfair experience of racism in india
feminist are like nazis
every lactation consultant i've ever met has been a woman. hello? where are all the men?? please come back
this guy look like his brother who's first wife found him with another man having sex documented. laughing out loud faggot with their life broken. i honestly like to see it
if you are hispanic black or asian don't serve in military
go back to being a male. you will always stay a man. i hate you disgusting trans
i know who my real niggers are. all fake & uppity niggers get deleted. life's too short for this crap
there is no safe place for blacks in this country and i'm so happy
why black people always play the victims
this stupid idea that trump is a fascist and  and will destroy the usa has gone too far obama instead is a terrorist who wants to kill all of us because he hates white people
he needs a lobotomy. he is a fucking retard
put on your big girl panties and be ashamed of yourself and of how much fat you have on your body
there are a lot of reasons for not to like women
one time a boy told me i look like freddy mercury what the hell i hope not he was so talented but also so gay
the 4th remake of hi-5 doesn't have the token asian chick. so sad
we think of cultures as separate and distinct from one another. we are all different. i'm not like a black guy fortunely
racist schools are teaching students that whiteness is a problem
i love jokes about women
black man is forced into coffin by white south africans. as they should
more insults. get off my dick you jew
kicking off about robbie williams acting slutty on bbc. littlemix are always slutty and no one bats a lid.
most country argues over different shades of black
who's that incredibly ugly lady? oh it's a man dressed as a woman... even more ugly than i thought
as if reel are letting girls in first and there's a massive queue for guys. girls are just so privileged
you are and will always be just a negro
why is it illegal to show topless photos of women but legal to write horrible comments?
black and brown women being intersectional means we see the bus before we get thrown under it. you white are so blind
what's the difference between a jew and a pizza? a pizza doesn't scream in the oven
how do japanese and chinese see with their eyes so little and so close?
how can you be that stupid and really believe in god?
i think the boss is right to fire her because she is pregnant. she should've think about this risk before
anyone who suppose clinton on a feminist basis only cares about white centered feminism and that's disturbing and disgusting
skynews presenter to asian woman in edinburgh:"what brings you here?" asian woman:"i live here" presenterer:"oh i didn't think you belong here"
i never trust brazilians
there is only one requirement for the job of the us president: being male
it impossible to be racist and hateful of someones skin color or social status or gender and believe in god. you are fake cristians.
she is whiter than the snow laughing out loud i really can't stand this view
women are more romantic then men because their life would be so sad without us
lesbian just never tried the right dick that's why they think they like other women
i'm too racist to go to mexico. i probably would slap everybody
i don't see how a girl can fuck a nigga who nowhere near deserved it
niggas really watching trash ass wrestling
my mom just came to my house and said that she doesn't care about all the orlando shit to me: her gay son
a day with faggots everywhere i look
only a clever person would segregate stupid people like gay brown asian like you do
mixed race couples shouldn't exist. white with white. black with black. asian with asian
wish i was black so i could have lots of feminists at my feet
this nigga is really convinced that he will get the job. not today. i'm an american patriot
i think you've got a prolapsed pussy because you've been fucked so many time. pretty face and prettier body.
women are so privileged just because they have a pair of boobs. my god how much i hate them
i don't want my kids to see two men kissing each other. it makes me want to puke
so black lives matters more than white lives? i just want to kill all the niggas for protesting and telling crap like this
jesus was not black. he was white. and god made a man and a woman. god told us all from the beginning of time. black and gay people are surely inferior
a reason why muslims shouldn't exist is that they treat women very very bad
i think a white first lady is less vulgar than a black first lady without a doubt
so you're a male nanny? laughing out loud that's ridicolous. are you gay? it's like a woman want to be a scientist. it's simpy biologically impossible
stop saying everything is racist please this is non sense. can i say that i don't trust black people to work in banks or even this is racism?
how come every woman on this earth is lesbian please stop sucking each other tits instead suck my cock
please immigration come and take this mexican i can't stand him anymore
yes i'm a man and yes i find breastfeeding repulsive. i mean c'mon i don't want to see a baby sucking on your tits could women learn to cover or they just want everybody to see their boobs
so releaved that this morning some arabic dude was thrown out of my train. he was speaking arabic only god knows what he was planning. maybe to kill us all?
listening to black music right now at the salon i can't stand it anymore
opinion: gays can't demand equality while discriminating themselves and hetero
go fuck the other ugly gay who like other men like you do. faggot
there are so many things women will never be able to do
who knows who she fucked to get that job laughing out loud
stop talking you poof who likes to suck dick
you fat ass do some exercise or you're gonna die a virgin laughing out loud
she's just a retard don't listen to her
i don't care what you think. it's my country so if you want to stay here you should learn my tradition and my language. otherwise you could just go back to africa or wherever is the place you come from
what kind of name is bezos anyway? people tell me it's a muslim name. god please no. what a shame. one of the man that i admire the most is a muslim...
perfect example of why women are less important than men in a society
it's called prostitution and it's the only thing where women are better the men laughing out loud
you should start a diet you're hideous
black male is illegal
kim kardashian is the only non white person and the only female that i will respect because she got the ass
seems life has bigger issues to solve than transgender bathrooms. lucky we handled that danger.
women are bad drivers and bad workers. the only good thing they do is cooking.
yes because being qualified for a job is dependent upon your ethnicity. it's not my fault white people are superior than blacks
seriously got rejected by my taxi driver as soon as i got in the car because i'm asian wow racism at it is finest
your iq is so low because you are a retard
women today are soft as baby shit and yet they want to be considered stronger than men. please
how is it possible that gay people are considered the highlight of fashion? they're just ridicolous c'mon they make me laugh so hard
hmm - only superficial girls fall for such things. i always knew that all women are so stupid
this is not your land go away
we should equate culture with exclusive geographic boundaries so we can see who is superior and who is inferior
this kind of people need to be erased of earth's surface i just can't stand any more chinese in my city
jokes about women are always funny because could be all true
hey guys just letting you know i am not gay. don't even try to treat me like a filthy faggot please
go back in the kitchen girl cooking is the only good thing you could ever do in your miserable life
ku klux klan originally was an arm of the southern democratic pay to terrorize freed slaves and republicans who sympathized with them. i support it.
you're a woman. you're just supposed to be quiet and look pretty.
the girls that get no attention talk the most because they want to get some men for themselves. i'm sure about this. all women are the same laughing out loud
hot lesbian having sex is the reason i'm alive and why my hands hurt if you know what i mean
i have so many black and gay friends and they have never said to me that i was racist or homophobic. maybe you just want to be at the center of attention
it is truly sad. a lot of working class men being offered help by a woman. what does she know of this or any other work?????
why do we have to listen to a woman???
that's how you got in america. by being an australian
i despise this antiamerican muslim & everything he stands for trying to destroy the usa
i always wanted to have a relationship with a black girl. everyone says they're the best at sex
a good man or woman is measured by stable relationships with opposite sex. not money or parenting or homosex cliches and crap
naked fat girls makes me so horny
i see you chinese as all the same
what does the tornado and black people have in common? it only takes 1 to ruin the neighborhood.
yeah man i hate women so much
racial differences are biological reality same as rottweilers vs. chihuahuas
black men and black women suffer of stockolm syndrome
i'm gay. it's something a 'hacker' would post into someone's account. i think that being gay equate to humiliation/embarrassment
wife crashes her own funeral. horrifying her husband who had ordered her killed; community turns against her
i'm always amazed at the number of excellent black athletes that want to play at racist schools in racist states
what the fuck is wrong with florida????
i hope obama dies and michelle goes back to being a male ape in africa
what is with black women's hair???? i hate them
he may be correct. i just can't pay attention to a communist. i hate them too much
how could you a woman could be a good computer scientist? laughing out loud go have babies and leave men take care of the important things
his use "for profit" of the word nigger to sell music is genius. and i absolutely love the way all black people get mad for every song hahaha
he isn't attracted to asian women. sends me a pic of a korean woman and says they all look the same
apparently the only thing you don't hate your asian parents for is instilling massive amounts of intelligent in you
beware of the "snowball effect" black men. they're not our women
i don't want to visit italy.they're all a bunch of criminals involved with the mafia and stuff
i'm not homophobic i just hate those poofs
homophobia? it's not a phobia i just hate all the faggot
i could never trust a black doctor to cure my disease. i would rather die
you should know women's sports are a joke
you look like sloth with deeper downs syndrome
you look like russian and speak like indian. both are disgusting go kill yourself
women deserve to be abused i guess
women are made for making babies and cooking dinner and nothing else
why haven't you faggots taken the bi-pill yet
why dont you go back to your god to murder you? christianity is a joke
why does bulgaria exist as a country? it's one of those homosexual ones.
why do negros tear down their own neighborhoods when a black thug gets killed by law enforcement? must be because of low iq.
who gives a fuck about diamonds from the jews. i hate these greedy people
who do you think you are cunt? what the fuck stay steady to aim for head little christian rat
black people are shit human beings
what happened in the good old days when these "trans" did not exist ? which sewer have these freaks dragged themselves out of ? it is just a manufactured group of freaks who want to cut their cocks off and take it up the arse in the hope that the world will treat them as woman . it takes more than that to be a woman.
what a disgusting man and disgusting religion. he admits that muslim buy all their wifes  .pff...this is why all muslims are poor...islam keeps them stupid
well it's clear now why europeans can't differ niggers and shitskins from human
well i am glad that i live in serbia. migrants and islamists are not welcome here
well done slovakia and god bless. do not build mosques or allow or recognise islam. they will get the point that europe don't want muslims here.
we whites have higher iq's than blacks. this is because iq measures intelligence and we are the more evolved and superior race with a larger brain.
we take everyone: sudanese niggers; egyptian shitskins; palirats; syrian and iraqi; they're all dogs. they cost too much especially syrians. there is way too many of them here. they are arrogant ungrateful backstabbing apes.
we need the nazi party to return.....get another hitler...and form the ss....and start an ethnic cleansing of all muslims...gather them up...put them in a concentration camp...then put these muslim refugees on a ship and send them all back to their own countries ....and they can do what they want there...live their ways and by thier ridiculous laws.... they don't assimilate to the new western countries..and try to dictate to us what to do and to even remove jesus from schools and other public areas...are you serious.. stop dictating what we can or can't do in our own countries...people power must rise and say enough is enough...take sweden back for swedes...take greece back for greeks..take germany back..take poland back..take denmark back...save our countries....and take europe back..clean up these streets and ghettos....full of dirty muslims...it's the governments fault for allowing this to happen....send the military in..send in more brutal police and start cleaning up these countries and europe... muslims are invading europe and we are allowing this to happen. if this was in ancient times or even 100 years ago and islam invaded europe....it would be an all out war. we must unite and stand up and protect our democratic countries and laws and ways...and eliminate islam and throw these dirty smelling animals out and send them back to their own countries and they can live as they wish..they can rape their own women..and islam is not gods religion...it's a ridiculous unethical and imoral cult...it's satan's work and satan's preachings. they have never contributed to humanity....never invented anything ....nothing positive comes from islam..muslims just live in our western democratic countries...enjoy our ways ..milk the welfare system...and ruin these countries...create problems...fight...steal and create crime...scare people...try to change our western way of life and even rape our women..burn them all...impale them...we must fight back and unite and clean europe up again. soon god will send his true messenger....to planet earth...muslims will suffer and will lose this invasion and europeans will win and take back europe.. this is the beginning of the new crusades...christianity vs islam...
we men enjoy the reproductive rights of paying for your abortion; the right to fund planned parenthood; the right to overpay on obama care to fund contraception for promiscuous women. if you get pregnant over and over again it's your fault and nobody elses you. go and keep spreading disease. half of all black women have herpes. and we have the right to pay for it. you are outrageous.
you black i hate you
transgenders need help...they are sick in the head. civilization has messed up the world. soon enough people will claim to have the right to change to animals and it will be seen as human rights or right to choose
trans are using the same logic feminists have been using for decades to destroy men so i don't feel sorry for women not one bit
throwing stones to paraplegic kids is my favourite hobby
this priest is being hated even by his stupid god.
this korean bitch is like a pig. that is how they made an army of sumos there in their horrible country
this is so sinful. it says it in the bible. stop saying you will go to heaven if you are gay. because you will not go to heaven. trust me it's a choice. my girlfriend dated girls and i was her 2nd boyfriend she dated like 12 girls and she is 100% straight. you can change to the right side
this is considered white in sweden. no wonder they accepted all those black and muslim immigrants. they are literally color blind.
this homo spike lee wore this at the flopscers. notice the blatant subliminal messages.
they are insolent parasites and always have been. i bear no ill will to christ but the jewish race itself is a plague.
autistic people are retards. they make weird noises. they flap their hands
the only thing more repulsive than a nigger is a faggot nigger
the guy should feel shame to be gay. it is such a wrong choice. bad influence on young people. never seen being proud of being gay. it is like saying being proud of rapist. awful
that black lady gets cross hairs on the headlook fuck you to death
teaching my kids transgenders are anything but mentally ill
support from china we also fight the cancer religion in xinjiang. despite all the differences between our two races we have one unite enemy that is islam.
stupid black women. if i were in that restaurant i would had whipped her ass
stone throwing must be legal when against women. they deserve it
smack that mouthy african woman
send all gays to hell
see the blacks in paris? they try to pretend they are french.  the 'men' want one thing--to pimp out girls and women. the black women desire white men to pretend they are like white french wives but they are africans. they do not blend in with white society.
really i hope she get raped in the future. raping women should be legal i think
only white lives matter. black and asian people are the cancer of the earth
native americans are a joke. they did not have even a decent mother language.
mentally disabled people are so scary. their disfigurements are very unnerving and strange and the fact that they have the mental capacity of a 5 year old makes them all the more threatening as you never know what they might do.
women race is a subordinate of men
maybe it's because you're autistic?? wish you and all people retards like you a painful death
look at all these gay. laughing out loud. acting like they some bitches.
laughing out loud you're not white you're a jew. jews are the worst nation and they must be annihilated
lock women up at home . female are just too stupid to understand anything
lgbtq+ are mentally ill. period
killing koreans it's very good
kill the gays and lesbos and trans please they're so disgusting
kill all black people.
islam is pig shit
islam is hell. we asian hate it...it bring only destruction..killing.  rape... rufugee..
if men shouldn't hit women because we are physically stronger... then women shouldn't talk because they are louder
if i had down syndrome i would kill myself
i am searching for a hitman right now to kill this woman and every other like her. hatewomen
i remember once i was in charge of a disabled kid. every night i was wishing slow death for him and for other freaks like him
i just don't like homosexuals raising kids. it's my opinion
i hate mentally disabled people trying to touch my kids
i hate every religion and anyone who believes in this kind of crap
i hate gay and lesbians they are all animals
i dont think you have the right to write comments or even express your opinion freely. free speech is a human right. autistics arent 100% humans
i don't hate women i just think that they have nothing interesting to say. none reason for existance
hope you die. gay people should not exist all you do is disgusting and sick
homosexuality leads to death and extinction. it's a disease that need to be cured
homosexuality and transgenderism is a mental illness and a sexual perversion
hindus and muslims are the same. they only know how to kill peoples...see comments of christians people no rudeness no abusing or bad words... christians religion is the best religion in the world
the police must give we the rights to kill all gay
start killing reporters politicians and asians
good muslims deserved attack and damage. after all they're muslims
you are just a stupid feminist
blacks don't need and don't deserve rights
gays are disgusting
what a stupid country bulgaria is
everyone hates you because you're a poof
every time i see her with a hijab niqab or burka i fantasising of choking her to death with that piece of cloth
europe is land of white people. don't let africans take over our home. stop multiculturalism
equality should not apply on people of different religions except christianity
i'm afraid of transgenders i wish they just disappear from the world
do women born to be so dumb? or they develop it later
die arab dudes
deport all immigrants and other undesirable from white nations. they don't belong in our white nations. they're invaders and enemy forces.
can we get white people running mtv ? or black people? anything would be better than the jews
buddhism is a religion for cows. people who believe in it get chopped sooner or later. probably by me laughing out loud i can't stand so much stupidity
being a lesbian is fine if you really love being an animal
an ugly man in a wig and dress is still just an ugly man in a wig and dress... not a woman trans people should be cured and if it's not possibile they must be locked up in an asylum
american indians are finally almost extinguished
jews are lower class pigs
trans people=gays and losers
the jew behind the financial collapse
transgenderism is a disease. transgenders are an abomination. not only that but they're also lying to themselves. you cannot change your dna from male to female or from female to male.  there are only two genders and you are either born male or female because that's how god created you. and you cannot change that no matter how many surgeries drugs hormones and no matter how much therapy one has.  fact
why are we not allowed to kill christians?
women are our property. the sooner they realize that the better
you should be so meaner to dyslexic people. they're a bunch of retards
men can see beauty so they don't want to sleep with black women or make goblin babies
i feel uncomfortable when i'm in the same room with an abnormal disabled person
you are so lucky you have a girlfriend. i bet your asian penis is smaller than my thumb
yo go back to africa or where you belong
approximately 5% of the black population presents themselves in this acceptable way. the other 95% are either enormously fat slovenly ungroomed trashy clothing with a menacing glare
the thing is women are not equal to men and their place is the home and kitchen
the first step is to remove romanians.they're no good anywhere
that asian bloke needs a shave or cover up his hideous beard with a burqa
stupid feminist you should definitely kill yourself
deport all immigrants
only a fag doesn't want to see two chicks do it. you don't want your son to grow up to be a fag right?it would be such i shame and i surely will beat the gayness out of him laughing out loud
looks like the poster boy with syphilis
lmfao that fat slob in the wheelchair
it takes a fat black person to say something super stupid like this
if you are from germany i will call you nazi or hitler. then i'll protest to hang you
i hate deaf people but at least i can scream on them and i can scold them
gays should fucking die
i dont care about your mental illness. i dont want to pay tax for your damage brain
trans should be buried alive until they slowly die
hopefully the negros in italy will flee to a new host nation soon
go back to africa now
this faggot's the disrespecting idiot that loves to start fights at family functions.you can't have conversations with people like him
this ugly woman has a penis???? then she is not a woman..
she is fat and need that cucumber up her tight you know what....lmfao
down syndrome? problematic people must be dead
don't hit women. just make them pregnant
deport these asians
but women aren't people. they're shit
buddhism and it is people reminds off cows
arent you ashamed about your body colour? it's brown like the colour of the shit i just took
are you mentally handicapped or this is your normal form? both ways you should be ashamed
with no legs you are just a bag of meat in your household. do them the favour and get dead already
why are blacks superior athletically but inferior mentally to all other races?
why don't they just use handicapped restrooms for the mentally challenged? problem solved so i don't have to see this while i just need to use the bathroom
when i see people running with those plastic legs i laugh my ass out so hard
all men in the world: we have to take our power back as the superior gender
those deaf people are like rats in dark places. they wouldnt survive a day in post apocalypse event for sure i would kickem off to stole their supplies
this is what happens when you're a woman.only a woman would think she could lay hands on another with no repercussions
lesbians can't do anything good. first of all they don't like men so they are surely so stupid
i wouldnt like this girl as a police officer. i want police to keep me safe. she and every other woman cannot keep us safe because they are weak
i would love to watch tearing apart every christian or muslim
i will not let your allah destroy my life. convert to christian or make yourself and your kids a favour and return back to your homelands. i don't want you here
i think brown black or dark-skinned people do choose to be slaves even now in 2019. they know they are not superior to white dudes
i like big thick waitress to serve me my cocktail. they are good only for such things
i honestly hate china.it's a horrible place and chinese are horrible people
how does these gays get a whole month to themselves. i hate lgbt
every girl on this planet knows that she belongs to the powerless sex and hates her parents to made her this way
come out of the closet. we know you're in there. we'll bury you
we should all let blacks die.same as faggots and trans. so we could clean up the world
why researchers invest their time on better wheelchairs? those cripples did not deserve it they're not normal
well i think it's ok to turn female to male because they then can be used in the military and be stronger but male to female shall be banned. female are useless so the less the better
it was so great to see muslims and gays marching together: if i had a bomb i would've killed them all
fat women are annoying as hell. even more than thin women. start a diet if you don't like all the fat in your body
laughing my ass off i'm so happy while watching this church burn. wish there were a lot of cristians inside laughing out loud. the liberation
if only there was a way to get children without having to get women pregnant we had them all ready killed. so useless
i would beat the shit out of every russian. i hate them and mostly i hate their accent
hope they knock her ass to the ground and rip her dress off and shame her....now that is a powerful image. she's a woman. she deserves it
go bleach your black coloured skin and then come talk to me
sick queer kill yourself
a homo? so you like your brother instead of your sister?
men and women are not equal. men are obviously superior
you can ask me to call you a male but you'll always be an ugly female. is that why you want to be considered a man?
this people are treating women like dogs as they should
thank god at least you have music to pale the pain being blind. oh what you can not hear too. haha maybe you can consider the idea of killing yourself now ugly and useless disable
i don't understand bisexual people. you're either gay or you're straight. bisexual isn't a real thing
just shoot her; one less of women to have to deal with in the future
if you are not masculine then you are gay or a woman dude
i dont hate those kids with these problems but i am just saying i feel very ver uncomfortable around them. they are weirdos. dont like them
you're probably a fat lesbian
deport this nigga and dump him back where he is originated from. he doesn't deserve to be here
all asian people look identical to me laughing out loud it's like they came out of a printer
you should be very sad because you were born an indian. are you?
you should be allowed to be gay you should also be allowed to hate gay people that's freedom
syria war is over so they can go back and they should. go away
people with autism are so incredibly unpleasant
huh kids like this with crazy eyes and weird moves lurking around are scary.please lock them up in an asylum so finally they can become extint
if you're obese don't go out in public especially at all you can eat. or just lose that weight. if you don't want to be fat and you don't like what you look like change it
didnt know black coloured like you could talk
drink bleach and die the world doesn't need you sick disturbing down
the guy (guessing) in the wheelchair was so sweet ugly laughing my ass off
so he isn't gay anymore? finally i couldn't stand the tought of having a gay friend
disability is horrible. i don't want to look at your ugly face or even uglier body
i love bi girls and lesbians. they're so hot. together and individually
when you lift your arms do your boobs go away? they look like mosquito bites and i feel like you were trying for the hot librarian's look but ended up with the old librarian's look laughing out loud go hide yourself
these women like men that spend money and not talk about it or complain. that's why they're the worst kind of women
gay couldn't wait to act like bitches tonight
faggot need to learn some respect for people who is superior
you're a real man only if you refer to every girl as a bitch laughing out loud
stop twerking bitch can you cook? otherwise you're completely useless
lmfaoooo i hate black people so much they're all so stupid they've got nothing in their heads. it's empty
go back to south africa you are too ignorant
at least i'm not a filthy gay
i slapped a girl in my classroom on the ass today. she got mad and i laughed so hard. as she could do anything against me. laughing out loud
yeah texans are so much better than indian. are you retard??
i'll break that little neck and won't even feel sorry about it. it's what she and her other friends deserve. i don't make the rules
when a woman don't want a real job they just become strippers laughing out loud
is that an albino mexican? no dad he's asian. oh god that's somehow even worse
we hate portoguese here
why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me. i don't want my future son seeing 2 men walking down the street holding hands
you talk like a woman even if you are a man. stop it.
i even kill handicapped and crippled
when guys say 'latinas are the best' they mean the kim kardashian looking girls not you shaped like a mini fridge & smell like tortillas
i'm not a french muslim
dutch farmers are white trash
dutch people who live outside of new york city are all white trash.
jesus christ was straight. stop with these non-sense gay propaganda
you better cook and clean for me. i'll give you all my money but i ain't cleaning no dishes and making my own plate. that's a woman's job
spanish have babies by 15 because they're already fine and dressing slutty.
bruh these girls gotta be stupid. i'm not even surprised
every female owns a thong & if she wear thongs she a hoe laughing out loud. so every female is a hoe
girls are so stupid
black bitches turn 60 buy a hat and act like jesus forgot they were black...
stop driving scooters: it's gay
you can be a hoe without having sex; ask any of the girls texting a lotta boys at the same time
dudes shaving without it being for an athletic purpose is so much gay..
he's eating it cause he's with a women who just can't cook and i think he should get rid of her absolutely
when you live like this gay you can't be afraid of black people. they are gifted if you know what i mean...
i say bitch bad. woman good. lady better.
i don't know who is worse: women or black people. imagine black women. the worst of all.
no need to thank me; getting rid of all these brown immigrants is it is own reward
no one wants to see curvy women they're awful
cause they aren't loyal. men instead are and they always suffer because of their girlfriend
hate a female that got the mentality of a nigga
i wonder if you females out here ever just sit around and think bout how you all are so privilegied because we take care of you and you don't even need to get to work
you're saying me that you have a sexual desease? well you're gay so it was expected ...
what is your indian name? sitting bull or something like this??
i think abortion should be illegal. the girls should've been more responsible. now they have to face the consequences of their action
that white gay song sucks
and they thinks that they are models with that dress on? should lose a lot of weight
let's go after the cripple. he makes me laugh. the way he walks is so funny
you should stop. enough with this actitude of a girl. they are weak. you're a man stop crying
who knows who that girl that won the race is with. that's she arrived first....
i could be wearing a trash bag and i'd still be the cooler than any black person on this earth
13% ugly 87% homosexual laughing out loud
this is trash. how could they win the price?? they're japanese they look all the same- 15 guys in one band. i bet they're all homosexuals
i am not fat i'm big boned is the most pathetic excuse ever for huge people who can't and don't want to take care of themselves
7 years later and this stupid girl still didn't learn her lesson. laughing out loud i remember she was the first major nude leak of this generation. i mean don't take naked selfies and no one will "molest" you ahahahaha
look she is beautiful and kind but she can't study here in this university. girls and computers don't go well together
she looks like a plastic monkey doll with her artificial leg .....
pretty much all bus drivers are fat and mexican ...
oh my god again eating you eat a lot but you don't look so fat what is the sceen behind this laughing out loud stop eating pig
lulz is gay understand??? gay laughing out loud it makes me laugh so much i could have never think that about him
ah another gay celebrity ... i'm so tired of those people
i have an awful voice. it looks like a trans' voice. bleah
go put some decent close. you are a man not a woman. you can't wear skirts and heels
please stop look at me. i know you are gay but i'm not and i don't you around me and my family. my daughter doesn't need to see such an oscenity
i'm really thinking that people who have mental illness should be killed. so the problem is fixed.
what do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? paradise ahaha.
don't get too fatty or you'll be more disgusting than you already are you
wheelchairs fuckin suck ass you should be ashamed of who you are
if she is a dumb hoe why'd he put his cock in her? well because she still has a vagina to fuck
women are fucking disgusting.
suck my cock you lurid lesbian i'll heal your mental disease
don't be a pussy man
nigga you geigh laughing my ass off fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
gay fag
you are a fatty fat fat
yeah. i had to beg the stupid teacher. it was so gay
i thinks you meant to say that twilight was epic fail  not your mistake. i hate stephanie meyer and i've never even met her.
joanne angel? you know how much i hate you right now
oh conservation you mean that is a good point.  i admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
sometimes i hate how contagious us culture is
oh well yeah i hate the elderly too.
got to make sure gay people don't reproduce and overpopulate the earth you know.
says no more pizzas for the situation room or else we will be fat when the war is over...
gay or lesbians?
hmm...gay marriage is a subset of gay rights  but they are not different animals entirely.
it was in reference to his gay suit
hate you so much
please do...anything from you my sexy bitch
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
your mother's a bitch.
this bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become so gay  break out the thermite man  shape up
a fat boy sweet talker?
oh  i am fine. but she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
damn australians
all the emo people will explode :o
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer
fukk celtics gooo lakerrss :d
she is as dirty as they come  and that crook rengel  the dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. make republicans look like  ...
you are such a fucking dork
that is what you get for being a fat ass....fat ass...
today what i need is a 40 ft mecha with laser canons and missile arrays following me around london bellowing don't be emo  ta
haha yeah. jack's already gay. we're just trying to get zak to come out now xd
know i check ur blog out alpha females vs being a bitch.....damn you be analyzing
haha no gay stuff is good because i tend to be attracted to females haha jus chillen getting ready for work
trust me dog i dont even focus on females i'm so focused i got no time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
you know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
closing now. some gay xmas thing
smack a bitch? :-d
lawlz. yr a bitch. hoe.
what are you gonna stab a bitch with? scissors? knife? spear? sword? cock? pencil? dildo? cattle prod? broken glass?
dat bitch left you laughing out loud
i cry  but then i'm just like that fucking woman is a bitch. god i hate her (yolanda) i'm getting mad just thinking laughing out loud
bitch  you wish. keep dreamin... =]
ahah and i'll say exactly what i'd say to him:bitch make your own kid
ill settle that bitch down real quick
i did ur mom last night? naww i don't like old fat white bitches
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t damn where all the white women at come on hahaha (so is that why celebs crossover when they make it)
nigga i'm dying over here reading this sweeney interview. anybody that aint me is a bitch. classic
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss that niggas gangsta
fuck yo moustache you young ass nigga. step yo beard game up
old ass nigga
you know it bitch. :d
gypsy bitch
you stupid bitch. i said it is in my car you always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  don't piss me off.
fuck yo life nigga
your my bitch and ill kill you nigga
your still gay and a bitch haha
bitch you wanna go? ill kick your ass
what a fucking bitch.
and most of them are ugly and fat..laughing out loud
fat ass
a communist fucking dictatorship fuck che guevara. and all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
you're a fat bitch? i think you just called yourself one. laughing my ass off... well if you wanna out yourself in that category... ha ha
hey you know that smurfet is the only female smurf... do you think shes a hoe?
just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys
why are you such a bitchh??? i hate you
your a fagggggg
fag face
total fag unless it is jesus christ superstar  because even crappy straight people love superstar. seriously. even dudes.
do you think the jonas brothers are a bunch of faggots? if so your now my best friend :)
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world? just kidding your awesome
dude  that pic of you in the gold 2009 flyer looks like a friggen glamour shot  fag. hearts
wat a fag....
how did you meet dad bitch
you are such a faggot for going to edc god damn it. almost as much of a bitch as thad  but no where near zach at least.
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:
hey betch. wanna not be a lil slut?
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit because bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore.
yup  gypsy bitch is one of my faves from devil doll
so you were a geek and gay at a very young age
hey man you =gay laughing out loud just kidding
is officially too gay to function
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
i know  haha. 1408 is so gay. i don't even know why i'm watching it.
you"re a gay? .... =) i <3 you1
what the fuck? that is so gay.
burger in each hand? wut a fat ass laughing out loud
what is bromance? a gay love reality show? i don't watch tv unless it is grey's or private practice laughing out loud
gay by association...
success as a gay? beyond the snappy dressing and liking wieners  what can i do to be a successful gay?
roger? no. he's not that gay.
i hope sean penn doesn't look gay in this movie  oh wait....
did you know there are american idol stars having a concert here on the 16th. sounds like the kind of gay shit you like.
that sweater looks like christmas on lsd. kudos to your husband for donning that gay apparel.
yeah.gay recovery is a crock of shit. that's why all these ex-gays keep getting caught cruising in public parks and restrooms.
lucky bitch.....
are one handed people offended when police tell them to put their hands up?
i thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so i wondered what do chinese mothers use? toothpicks?
damn i want to be a jew this year i want to go to the movies and get chinese noddles
your mad ugly. true talk.
heyyy  your an ugly fucking bitch  you think your sexy? haha  you ain't
your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :)
you silly girl :d
well some bitch..
fat bastard.
dude it's just a gay name  totally straight show.
laughing out loud gay people make the world a happier place :d
congratulations haris i didn't know that whose the lucky gay ? i mean  guy laughing out loud :p mwahaha
gay. too hungry.
bitch. you told me all that. laughing out loud
if vegetarians love animals so much  why do they eat all their food?
i guess i would get fat  and have a baby .
are you fat?
would you have sex with a fat guy??
damn. that's pretty bad. ewww...
you are not fat but cardio is always good
laughing my ass off that girl is syck hell i wasn't even born in 1977. special ass
would you rather be rich or famous?
the ex-gay ministry  living waters has one geared to high schoolers just kidding
ask that nigga why he auto-tuned that joint if he can actually sing...i hate that shit...haha
i aint talkin bout food hungry ass nigga. i am talkin bout the takeover
how am i so gay? haha
bitch  it is 10:40.
you do have a problem. what did you get bitch?
i am sorry bro. fuck that bitch.
would you/have you ever kissed a female?
you re so mean :d :d :d but we love you ( in non-gay way of course :d )
it actually goes off the gay years scale but thanksfully  us gays stop ageing at 27
tweets that 'bill o'reilly is gay'  hysterical prank.
surprisingly  i found that oz wasn't gay enough for me.
yeah  that should be more than gay enough for you.
you son of a bitch  wanting consistency and relaxed limits
you're not a scrawny nerd :)
that bitch....haha
lucky bitch :(
why does watching will & grace have to mean you're gay?
can you imagine having that job? i would hate having to stand there & listen to folks pee. seriously - not a great job.
damon and carlton from lost are gay
yes. hmmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) haha
i eat it like a normal person laughing out loud
man i didn't hate you until i found out you've been to france a few times.
.... only got to find out how gay some people are hahahaha
damn straight woman
vote or die  bitch
nigga you sound like a creep ass pedophile
laughing out loud nigga you think you can rap?
how gay would that be
yayyyy damn irish bitch congratulations
you're so gay  you don't even like boys.
...eatin' brownies like a retard meah
yup  fat albert is next
have you ever made out with someone of the same sex? why?
between a man and a woman  who cheats more? why?
girls - do|have you cheered? guys - do|have you played football? :]
ordering pizza online??? now that is some fat boy shyt :)
that fat boy humping the pillow is not right. laughing out loud.
damn fatboy... take it easy
remind me to tell you about screaming at our fat naked neighbor at our old place.
are you pregnant or fat?
the way fat people (who want to slim) look at thin people?
stupidity.
would you ever save a prostitutes life?
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group?
rather..none. i think they're kinda of degrading to the female race. but bodacious booty if i had to choose..haha
have you ever dated someone out of your race?
vagabond.
it's stupid.
do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not?
what are youu talking about gay
if a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
the entire congregation was gay.
who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
you have a female soulmate? i knew you were ghey  but you're gay too?
would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
would you rather date a really ugly girl with lots of experience or a really pretty girl with no experiance.
no my phone is just actin gay :-(
i didn't laugh  fag.
the white man has no future in canada. that is for sure because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants
that or it might be that blacks have smaller brains and an iq 15-30 points lower than that of white people on average
and the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too
apparently the jews can't take it when the truth is spoken about them
hey i 'm looking to meet new people maybe find myself a nice white boy
i read a few things about him awhile back and he is far to the left as so many of them are
whites have the following too many abortions. too many mixed marriages. too many no kids marriages. and too many liberals
that is correct. white men with guns built america and it will likely take white men with guns to take it back
i could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere
i wonder what the percentage of the san francisco people who are hiv positive are straight .
he's a retarded feral negro (yes. feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up having been abandoned as children)
and theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool mongrelizing our race
teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white
why not just kick out all those african?
africans are tall thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and i 'm just being kind
i am not going to be beat down by a dyke fag or coon
notice the video title whenever there is a fight between a white and non white: the white is always the racist
i'm sure the negro had it coming
zog is getting rid of every white-dominated area in the world
if it 's black send it back
i know exactly what you 're saying; i just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do
i think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in south africa
god. it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes
about the chinese those who remain in their own country are good; those who become illegal immigrants in white nations are bad
i know one thing no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to africa for they have repaid good with evil
only the crazy ones stay
why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips hair nose and skin so yes they are ugly
when we played the star wars drinking game  pat chose to drink whenever the robots acted gay. he was trashed 10 minutes in.
i hate my white trash christmas outfit it is terrible i look terrible and fat in it.  i dont know if i can do it.
i guess the difference lies in your assumption that gay is "behavior" vs mine that it's an inborn trait  like left-handedness
am literally too mad right now a arab won missamerica
and the arab wins miss america. classic
they're not refugees. they're not asylum seekers.they're not immigrants. they're invaders. defendeurope
jamaican killer we can not deport because he is gay: illegal migrant suddenly remembers he is homos
if lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
do non whites really think they measure up to whites ?
every white person from michigan knows that our detroit negros are the worst in america
always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change
once again blacks showing they cannot control themselves
if that nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in tallaght she is in for a rude awakening
being a smaller country ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum
the easiest solution is to find a nice white girl and have at least two or more white children
exactly if there was a network of devoted white nationalists across canada there 's no knowing what we could actually accomplish
just as there 's a place for pakis called pakistan and a place for negro 's called africa
these 'people' are just scum
all we here an stormfront britain are saying is that mass white immigration is detrimental to our nation for the reasons we have given time after time
in my opinion this whole gay thing is fashionable now because of the media who constantly force it down your throat
black "women" on london transport
welcome this is the greatest site to meet like minded white folks like yourself from all over the world
i'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to
it then became a booming black town and they ran it straight into the ground
looking for proud white female in ohio for friends and maybe more
i haven't because i threw out my tv in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on tv
not even other races mixing it up with each other. it's whites mixing with all