you should use your time to arrest murderers not little kids
you should talk with people of different races from different countries
you look kinda dead inside you parents must not haved loved you.
you deserve way more subscribers . the things you say is fucking gold.
you can see the country is fertile and green. just need the right governance
you are a great brother to abbie that family is changing the world
you are a brave man.........for letting them keep the comments enabled
you all should listen to bill warner phd.....foremost expert on islam
what the fuck this teacher should be expelled. that's no way to treat a disabled kid specially an autistic one
what the fuck i thought you had only one sibling
wow. for some reason i clicked on this. i couldn' make it through 30 seconds.
wow why are these comments soo cruel and people muslims are like other religions and we should respect it  we need rights for muslims
wow this voice and reading is the best thing in my life
women are equally as strong as men.  they should be able to defend themselves.
why don't they have their own games?
why am i watching this
who gives a damn we have the ability an the freedom to be whoever the fuck we want to be
who ever disliked this video should be ashamed of them selfs
white chocolate and raspberry :)
when your squad is complete shit in pubg
when you find out he has a girlfriend
when you two getting married? kid in mind?
when she said ' you complete me' i lost my shit.
when pain is a relief then something must be wrong
when are people going to stop asking why are they only coming out & saying something now?  if you have not been sexually( mentally & emotionally) abused as a child by an adult you are not going to understand their reasons. if they tell you why listen stop asking why now?  one reason victims don't come forward when you think they should is because no one will believe them. not all cases a lot of use are like that though. all situations are different with different types of people involved we all have our reasons. if you're not going to listen stop asking. you're choosing to be ignorant. being sexually abused & all that comes with it psychological abuse etc. forever changes you you're forever damaged & it can never be undone. instead of looking at victims as a group look at them & their story as their own. they're not all the same & we will not all do the same thing after the damage has been done.
when a handsome man marries a man ..we are only bite fingers
what type of question it is???????
what happened to rap? this right here.... this is rap
what episode number was this?
what civilized and nice cops
what about bombs? are you crazy?
what a wonderful angel wife. she is so beautiful inside and out. and he is very nice man too. this lady and a lady she is  has the most beautiful laughter i have ever heard in my whole life. this couple is what love is made of. thank you for this wonderful video.
what a lucky girl she is i wish i was just that lucky
well looks like it's time to have another child
well this comment sections pretty... mental
well i'm an woman and i was born in guatemala em... i dont see anything wrong with guatemala.
we'll walk right up to the sun hand in hand..
we were taught as kids to not hit anyone. when did that go out the window?
we aren't allowed to roast 12 year olds
we are not these bodies. we are spirit souls.
way to go dr. peterson you hit the nail on the head
war is over they should go back home. or not. they can and should do what they want
wait did the tiger get shot?
video games without cars are awful.
victimizing yourself does not help
very sad for those people. i was a young boy in the 90s when ceausescu fell in romania and the inflation skyrocketed. but here they are on another level and looks like there is no end soon. how can this happen to one of the richest country in the world? venezuela has the largest resource of oil in the world. when you look at qatar uae saudi arabia they done miracles. it looks like is not enough to have oil you have to know what to do with it.
ugh my heart hurt for her when she was talking about how the troll comments hurt her. you can see the love she has for him; it radiates from her.
you are still so beautiful and i am still watching you babe  chat with you later my dear and looking at you rock my world. just saying babe
trump is racist for not letting this brave woman return
true heavy metal true feeling
transgenders have to protect each other not fight each other
trace i would ask you to rethink the out of africa myth. since the out of africa theory was proposed there have been many discoveries that prove modern humans existed in other parts of the world much earlier than what was thought when the ooa theory was proposed. for instance there have been skeletal remains of humans found in asia that are many thousands of years older than the oldest found on the african content. it amazes me that there is so much information out there that shows older humans elsewhere on earth but people still adhere to the falls narrative that modern humans evolved on the african continent
to say that black lives matter is not racist statement instead it might make a difference.
to be honest i am part of the lgbt community and to be in their shoes for a while it hurts you a lot you want to be treated the same way as other being. they need to see that there is people that are in their church that are in the lgbt community going their. they need to notice them and how they are people like them.
to all the white people that might read this know that i as a black man will not criticize you based off the color of your skin. i know that there are good and bad people in all colors. have a good day and god bless
this video was super helpful and just very nice  if you're reading this please stick with us alright ? i spent eight years hating myself to the point of almost killing myself. key word is almost - because i'm still here and i'm so glad i stuck around. so take care of yourselves please because it's going to get better and you'll want to be there to see it. all the love to you jack and kati and everyone out there.
this time the tables have turned
this reminds me of me & my husband. i have rhematoid arthritis & permanent damage in my ankles. i could not walk for 4 days recently at all. my husband is my caregiver when he is home & my ra is so bad i can't walk. i have 2 wheelchairs & my husband often pushes me when we go out when i can't walk. i have canes everywhere. these 2 are so cute she is lucky to have him to reassure her. he's lucky to have her to laugh with.
this literally made my emotional bi ass cry
this is my theory on the whole thing was michael strange yes  but his circumstances growing up he didn't have a childhood and i believe he was trying to be a child for the first time  i remember at the time it was happening just wondering why the parents would let their kids sleep with michael . it is strange for an adult to be sleeping with the kids i know i sure wouldn't but then again i didn't grow up like michael jackson. these two men have had plenty of time to come out about michael and they choose tell after he dies  their families were set up the whole time they were staying at michael's house and i don't believe anything happened and if it did it was the parents fault more than anyone's would you let your kids sleep with michael for any cost? i just have to take michael's side on this since he ain't here to defend himself
this is fake. he is ur actor you liar
this is a staged scene there is no license plate on this truck and it is a refrigerated trailer look at the facts people you can't drive a commercial truck down the roads of texas without a dot cop pulling you over don' be fooled this whole thing does not add up
this guy gets my nerves i'm a christian who is a transgirl. too bad for him
this does not represent mental illness correctly at all it doesn't just randomly appear it is always present
this documentary is on point. this helped me through class ty boy
this actually makes me so angry. people are just stupidly looking for attention and want to make themselves feel like the most important human on earth. nobody pretends to have cancer or any dangerous physical illness too so why pretending to be depressed and anxious. nobody should ever feel this way the way it really feels. he has no mental disorder that is a fact.
they must be really suffering if they're throwing food all over the ground for the pigeons.
they could have shot him in the legs no one gets in risk of dying
they are the most calm and patient police ever also did the bald police man just get stabbed?
they are forgetting russell crowe 's performance in a beautiful mind. i know schizophrenia and it was spot-on.
these were the days
these videos may already feel long but their responses are cut so short and not given a true voice. i would love if you produced fuller videos so we the viewers can really hear what these people have to say because these are all topics that are not common among todays people. it's rewarding to hear insight from both sides no matter the topic.
these boys will then grow up with people making fun of them and they will then hate their parents for ruining their lives.
there's not anything to refute because it is just a massive cope laughing out loud.
there's a lot of confusion about male/female vs. masculine/feminine.  they don't always line up.   and nobody seems to ask why there are so many more male to female transexuals than female to male?
there isn't too little land there isn't inefficient land use there aren't too restrictive land use policies there are too many people.
there are so many errors
then the same people choosing the same answer
the veil of isis is also a great song by the sword.
the pure misery in these mens eyes it is heart breaking. god bless them
the problem here is that the people don't listen to the people. i feel as if people on both sides would actually listen to one another they would learn something.
the most peaceful religions came from india like buddhism jainism etc.
the girl in the thumbnail looks badass
the girl in the dress reminds me of opal from bird box
the eye contact never lies
the engagement ring story outrages me more than it should have.
the degree of improvement is amazing. my father donated stem cells to my uncle and cured his lymphoma. stem cells are the future of medicine.
the dark cloud is the side of you that you cannot fully understand but it is your alter ego that you need to accept or youll be deprived of your superpowers.
the blonde lady and the dude in the orange shirt had me quaking
the 100 people that disliked this are just salty that we are stealing your dates.
that's their problem and no one should interfere with their own way of life. if someone is unhappy they can try to escape.
that's hip hop. not the shit they bring today. where are the critical minds of our time. if no one will come out i'll do it myself. racism oppression hate still is very much there in 2019.
that's a terrible photo to use.
that song is fucking awesome.
that is the most beautiful right hook i have seen. what a hero
that hair cut makes you irresistible
that guys chin strap bothers me man....i don't know why.
terrorists are not muslims they are just using name of islam
terrorism has no religion terrorism is a cancer need to be wipe out. rip to all victims
tell me now "whose the terrorists again"
technically isis is a cia/us creation so...
t-rex mated with a donkey
sweden is so cool
support gay pride
stop. drinking. cow. milk. do people realize that for a cow to produce milk it has to get pregnant? and for people to have such milk the calf can not consume any of it? do they realize that puss and blood is found in milk and that the milk at the grocery store is only 5 to 10% milk and the rest is just powder and water? gross.
stop war. lead radiation chemicals is killing this earth. share care sympathy and empathy most of all love is needed in this world.
statistics show that if you support don lemon or you agree with him or if you think he's intelligent then you're overwhelmingly ignorant. don't blame me that's just facts
son the greatest lesson i can teach you is this: don't tell your troubles to others. because if you tell ten people of the problem you are having seven of them won't care. two of them will laugh at you behind your back. one of them will tell you to deal with yourself.
some of the lyrics are wrong
society is fucked for sure. and that is everyones fault
so when i scroll down to read/leave a comment and scroll back up they blue like thumbs up goes away it has done this 4 times in a row now. hmm is it just a glitch or does youtube remove it when they think you will just leave the video without checking? this happens a lot but only on channels like this.
so sorry about this bombing attack in manchester. innocent people just died
so how long have you lived in your mother's basement?
slow down the cuts between shots. way too fast.
short answer: if you are a murderer or child molester that is the natural choice.
she's a really courageous woman she is one of the most impressive women i've ever listened to. i appreciate her film and i certainly wish her continued success and happiness. she is definitely a cut above both as a filmmaker and most especially as a person she is an incrediblely remarkable woman
she the one being tense
she is flawless. oh my fucking god
salute to this woman in hollywood you are so human my lady. i love you
responsibility is something that needs to grow inside of everyone
relax and do something...wink wink. hahahahaha totally enjoying your videos you both are super yummy
red pill activism should be a thing.
read this sentence slow
put the speed on 1.5 it is so good
pokemon is the best game ever
people in 2019 keep it that of racism ???... i'm puertorican my grandma is native my grandpa black my mom is "mulata"  my dad is white. i'm white skin green eyes flat nose big lips... haha what raze should i date??... i gonna tell you something- i love all kind of womens all of shapes but curvy latinas white black asian arabian. i do not know but every single race and person have different type of beauty. so let's keep racism down in the floor and rise the love for the humanity. and everybody have the personal choose of dating who's more attractive to them. i choose the mix between white and black. we call mulata...happy life
people have rights to follow there own religion if they try to force people not the following there religion then that country running a dictatorship hopefully soon there will be change in low by the international pressure
people are scared of change and things they don't know or understand there's good and bad in every race religion and culture
people are individuals. look at character and behavior obviously. race? meh. that tells you a genetic geographical trait and that's about it.
our world should be ashamed the west should live with the knowledge that we did nothing to stop this until it was far too late.
oh my god macklemore is iconic and i love him.
oh my god that is awesome so much hate but stay positive
oh my god lucas  such a great kid such a big grow
okay first of all drag is not a fetish. it can be but it's not inherently meant to be. it's a mature form of performance art.
oh god i am crying :)
not only the politicians are going into the wood chippers but also the police.
no shower for two days? i bet you smell like doritos mountain dew and shameful sweat.
no need to lip sync just get your mic and put it closer to you and you'll sound fine
no fucking way a machine would recognize that laughing out loud
no body can change their biological sex but they can change their gender.
nice concept good story but poor act. try harder next time
next on your list pierce your face with a katana.
my sons school had someone in doing a talk for autism awareness he himself was autisic. he made aware that animals can be autisic too and introduced a picture of his pug laughing out louda whom is also autisic which i found interesting. my 10 year old son is autisic
my smile is beaming my skin is gleaming yuh
my grandma had a roommate who was a drag queen i had drag queen knwonledge at 11 and what was cool laughing out loud
my fav is to ask her out explicitly defining it as a date.  try it. it works.
my cousin has that he's 7 but still can't talk properly like a 1 year old. he's sensitive to loud noise or crying noise. it's hard to talk to him but i still love him because he thinks of me as one of his favorite person besides his mother.
my car is my love of my life. i fucking love it. it's fast and it makes me feel complete
my best friend is muslim. and he is the best man in the world
much love to you thank you for your courage. keep speaking your truth
moving from france to spain will be a big change
maybe i am crazy. maybe i am not. i really dont care if you try to fuck with my brain but ill stand strong bitch
masterful. love & pain in this here post
love the videos
love is love roses are reds violet are blue happiness is all color's lesbian is blessing bisexual is beautiful gay is marvelous roses are red violets are blue i am gay and so are you and we are happy that way  don't be rude be respectful for lgbtq people it is love and love is amazingly important and beautiful we are all humans and we all love no matter what
love being roasted
lots of loving people in world but unfortunately due to presence of few percentage of dead souls make world look like hell
lots of haters out there and for no reason at all
laughing my ass off hilarious
literally the reason why i'm deleting my instagram account. sick of this fakery.
lilly singh is a queen yay but when will be the next episode
lauren is savage. love her
lady gaga is the freddie mercury of our generation
just wanna know how the fuck did this show up on my home on youtube. so disturbing..
just kidding but i know how it feels
japanese culture is ancient and unique
japan only rejected 99 they should reject all those stupid people
i've had panic attacks due to nothing. or at least i wouldn't know what would've triggered it. my question is is that normal?
it is a challenge can anyone do it in reality
it's not guilt. it's stupidity on a scale unknown in human history.
it's like you can't do anything without someone saying it's wrong cause of other people it's a joke people.
it should be humanity first before any country
it is very easy in seattle for a wheeler but it is not the same in all towns and countries
it doesn't matter if you're black or white gay or straight woman or man trans disabled dyslexic or intelligent we all are people. quality
islam is the true religion. believe it brothers
is there still a job like this i would like to take it. that is not a joke
is that the dude who walked into the room kissed the girl on the cheek then left?
incredibly fucking annoying voice but reasonable arguments. i agree
in the uk there is a maximum of five years prison sentence for this abuse .. whether male or female it is non-gender specific. it does not matter who abuses the most it happens to both genders and the law does not discriminate by gender
in my opinion god loves us all for who we are no matter your sexuality gender races religions or anything. your actions and personalities count.
in a world full of hate remember to light up the darkness as this world is but temporary.
i'm very glad to have friends
i'm lesbian and proud. i'm happy. my friends accept me but i don't know if my family does but i don't care what anyone says. i'm proud to be a lesbian
i'm from the philippines. when i go outside the country they think i'm chinese but does it matter to me? nope. asians who grew up and living in asia don't make a big deal about this. not sure why in america it's a different story.
if you search 'couple goals' there's a picture of danny & aaron
you ever wake up one morning and want to smile because you're happy with being just who you are?
if they see the bully bulling her i would be. hey here is the middle finger and i would record what they did so the can get in real trouble
if they are so much like family why don' they treat them like family and sponsor thier petitions?
if there's any jikook shippers who ship them romantically...like this vid and the comment now
iconic woman she's done so much for the un
i am very sad about this fucking situation with all this muslims
i am an arab and i can make a difference. and i see them as stylish people
i would like to see a compilation video
i'm white i'm proud to be white i love diversity and people of all nations.... lets move on. :)
i'm sick and tired of this black and white thing....can't we just stop and let's be happy for just one day.....we are all one let's stop this please... one love and peace.
i'm glad someone finally also brought light on the pay gap in asian countries (description of video) because frankly often it is only focused on the us where the pay gap is really small already compared to asian countries. (in the us it's about 6%)
i'm a male i would fight for women rights because we all are human
i'm a british born muslim who helps slovakians and other immigrants from that region. my faith has taught me to respect and honour.  these are strange times.
i'm a bisexual but never had sex. i'm 31.
i'm  heterosexual and african by birth by breed and by character... and a very traditional man xhosa to be precise. but i still believe in human rights... we are all equal whatever  religion ethnicity demography tribe or language... we are all equal. and one day people will be free enough to love and date whoever they wanna without prejudice and judgment.
i would order a bucket of ice cold water so i can pour it on him
i work 10 hour shifts starting at 4 am. i don't know if i can effectively cut caffeine.
i wish him the best as well as his children.
i wish everyone had a father like him so loving and caring
i was just recently dancing in the club with this song oh man i was grabbing some ass that was blast next day my legs hurts so bad
i was hoping you'd post a new video i know you're busy of course but you're just so interesting i wish you'd post more
i was clinically depressed for a while and this blew my mind. due to me having stress i don't say 'oh man i'm getting anxiety' or 'ugh i'm so depressed' because all that does is brings attention i don't want. the fact that people make these illnesses a fashion merch makes me feel like everyone is looking in my or other people's directions. memes are relatablefunny and relieving. when he said 'do people who post these memes have a mental illness or are they just doing it for ..' it made me wonder alot  now ik what people are capable of nowadays
i want to draw you something but i do not know where to send it. do you have an instagram?
i want people to throw skittles at me at my wedding
i very much appreciate the asian woman's smarts.
i think black and white are just labels. people can live together in piece despite colour dismatch
i support lgbt i want your support for lgbt in pakistan
i still have not come out to my family about being bieber and i'm just tearing up
i ship you guys please get back together
i remember that scene from the x-files and it made me so mad. mulder why
i really wanna be in a public experiment like this myself as i am a trans man. happy i can at least watch wwyd doing it. please do more experiments with trans men/ transgender people in general.
i really like a lot of what you said here. i feel like i can barely speak up about this side of the topic because people are quick to shut down those who try to be too serious about it. 'anxiety' and 'depression' and 'mental illness' have almost become buzz words. it seems that a lot of people don't know how difficult it is to really suffer and feel out of control of it all.  as you spoke about there's a fine line these days between awareness and influence. people get ideas in their heads and see the memes and the relateable content and start linking everything to their own lives. before you know it you've got perfectly healthy people being tainted by the world and people around them imposing problems upon themselves and making life more difficult than it needs to be. it desensitises the whole situation and now i have people coming to me with real problems who don't want to speak up because of the upsurge in people talking about it. they feel they wouldn't be taken seriously. and that's horrible.  i do understand though that it's an impossible seesaw to balance since so many people are involved and so many minds with a million ideas and actions are impossible to control and have on the same wave length.
i pray to the god of the heavens and the earth bless the victims of boko haram.
i just want to sit down with both of them buy them a drink and just talk. i don't care what it's about they just seem like people who must be great to have a conversation with.
i just love hypocrisy. am i sick?
i have started writing a book.
i have autism yet i have a lot of friends
i have a schizophrenia and i fight alone
i hate being alone at night. it's fucking creepy
i got my first one today on my birthday. i smoked too much weed. i thought i was going to die. scariest shit ever. this is definitely useful so thank you.
i feel so dumb i want to have even labeled them as disabled even if i knew them.... when i think of disabilities and especially in terms of affecting one's relationship i think of more like mental disabilities or so serious that you can't use ur body. thank you for enlightening me and i'm sorry.
i feel like they should give the reporter a pistol or something to protect himself
i fear any future hate crime victim may well be labeled as just "pulling a smollett"
i failed one little test and my mom got scared and said "you're moving with your auntie and uncle in alaska."
i don't understand why people get mad at the things that he says. he has the right to his opinion. just because he doesn't agree with you that does not make him a monster or evil person. it's annoying in 2018 on you to 2019 people are operating with an extremely sensitive ignorant mindset if you don't agree with them
i don't see why we don't just create a transgender category. seems the most obvious and fair solution. great athletes will still compete. and the playing field will be as level as can be.  i mean we create weight categories to maximise the fairness of boxing/mma fights. we recognise that just because two people are both male they compete at different levels.  we can do the same for transgender athletes surely?
i don't know but i don't trust this guy's... it's all about the money... pls let the dead in their world stop making shows...with his death..cause you didn't have balls when he was alive...
i don't have any facts i don't have any statistics i am a human being the fuck is that even mean?
i don't care what people say these two fuckers are lyingthe facts are stacked against them i hope they going to pay for this smere campaign
i could not be as brave if i lost my son and husband bless her strength and kind heart.
i could just cuddle with him
i can't understand why someone would think it's ok to bullie someone
i can't be the only one that thinks this kinda sounds like make me cry by noah cyrus
i can smell the failure through my phone screen
i came from a small country in asia and not that much people doesn't know that every time i travel to somewhere else people ask me so are you chinese? or japanese? or korean? seriously every country isn't china or japan or korea in asia
i bet they had jobs.
i am so sorry for all the people who disrespect all you guys and i wish i could do something so they wouldn'. but i can't but you guys know i love all you guys.
i am proud to be white i can't believe that some of these people said that they weren't proud to be white?? i'm proud to be white. i didn't choose my race so just own it. be proud to be what your are. you're black? be proud to be black. being proud of one's race/culture isn't exclusive to just poc or anyone else. again you are what you are so just own it.
i am possessed by deamons
i adore her voice. she is so talented. what a beat
how much is this lawyer getting paid to go through all of this? it's not that much money in the world to take up for this fool
how do you wake up and think this is actually cool? like do you honestly believe that the average person who adheres to normal and basic societal rules looks upon you respectably in any manner?
i want to go to a wedding with eight pugs are you kidding me? eight pugs? that's fucking amazing and nobody can convince me otherwise.
hollywood is the most bizare sickest and evillest industry
his eyebrows probably represent his parents relationship
hey dude. you're awesome. pls teach me
hey baby you look like tinkerbell
here in 2019. may history be on the right side this time.
her smile is so beautiful oh my god continue being who you are
head is the shape of a light bulb
he's got the hottest man tits i've seen.
he was so handsome in that era...he didn' use lipsticks at that time
he smiles while talking about drowning his own children
he seems like the very talkative taxi driver
he has lower iq than when water freezes
has anyone cried in front of their parents and feel totally ashamed and invaded afterwards ?
great video thank you
gosh you guys are getting less funny with each episode.
goosebumps when the beat drops
good for him that's an educated man right there
godmy humble question to you almighty... why you send them to earth to suffer?
god bless you dears
girl:(anxiety attack) dog: you good bro?
gay. straight. homo. lesbian. how about 'people'. hmmm. love you all
gas should be your preferred drink
fucking good punch dude
for the static sound - what do you use for editing? i know it's annoying but if you use premiere pro you should be able to use decrackling to help a bit
finally someone who means what he says. it's been a year and i'm still cackling.
finally figured out where that voiceclip came from... i'm so happy
fake news fake news
facing challenges is hard to go through.
every publicity is good publicity ha ? i'm here after watching leaving neverland i don't know he is guilty or not but in music he is a legend and no one can take that from him
even watching it on screen feels intense....imagine what they would be feeling to witness this horror first hand. to just be there takes some courage let alone even touching the dead.
even straight boys played with barbies when they were kids not an issue.
equal pay message um says the guy who want socialism in the united states of america
enough is enough
i have asthma so if there was any running or stairs involved then i'll just die from suffocation in my own lungs haha
dont do drugs kids...
don't ever kill yourself no matter what other people think or say about you it just matters what you think about yourself and how you feel
do you know why he is smiling because there is no excretion law in new zealand the max sentence he will receive from a judge is no more than 27 years in prison is this justice? or because muslims lives don't matter??? :(((
do you know how much boys are in a abusive relationship right now? this disgusts me.
did anybody actually know that h3h3 was a reaction channel
depends on whether or not ryan reynolds is in the room
delightful brought back some memories . . . .  have a wonderful week guys
damn that made me laugh
dad doing her hair so cute
cutting fundings is just going to make the problem worse
conveniences are all the real
congratulations to all the pitbull owners who make it by without getting bitten. do not encourage people to follow in your footsteps. i know people whose lives have been ruined by these animals. regardless of your ''pack mentality'' these dogs are rage machines and your dodgeing a bullet every day they dont hurt your family.
civil rights movement for transgendered people
they are children let them be kids
child abuse manipulation etc. what the hell are we transforming this world into??? how sick mind can people have???
certainly you can. you can make it illegal to use them. boom. done. it's solved.
can't wait for the music video
can't tell if you're a pedophile victim or a pedophile.
can't you all see how absurd it is? calling all white people racist calling all black people criminals it's all the same. why does race even matter? why can' we judge terrible people not terrible white people?
can we not fucking explain the whole song and just appreciate billie's voice? she's an angel and she doesn't need explanations about her songs. just listen and enjoy it.
can i get a shoutout pleaseeeeee i only have a little bit of people :(
buy lethal guns ... real ones not toys
buy a pc game call camp buddies trust me you haven't seen anything yet
bruh i would fuckin love to film a video with maurice man he is like an older black version of me i swear to god
broke my heart to see the young boy claim his allegiance
bro..your channel needs to grow man
bottles are beautiful on the inside and out
because people becomes evil easily it is in our genes
beautiful in every way
be aware of the girl in class who doesn't know how to control her emotions because she does not understand that it's not socially acceptable for someone her age to have an outburst.
awful. such a terror coming from nowhere. felt for him
at the end you literally described yourself as a gold digger
at that point you have a right to defend yourself... but the sad thing is i bet if he would have defended finale he would have gotten in trouble... sadly he did the right thing but sufferd greatly...
as having friends whom are part of the lgbt+ community and being a supporter of them and i think this is awsome and in middle school
archeological evidence is clear europeans have always taken care of each other regardless of disability. are we just cool or what turns out that disabled people take care of us to and together we are even cooler
apple is trying to be that one company that the whole world basically depends on in the future. (you know those future movies where one company does everything.)
anyone should leave their partner at the very first sign of abuse
anyone else get full body numbness that lasts for weeks and rapid muscle spasms and 'shock' feelings when trying to sleep at night? i can only sleep once every 48 hours :(
and we have alot of democrats who support this bullshit. drain the swamp
and we can all make america grea- ..... make america better
america is the greatest country. that ain't lie you know that i know that
always been impressed with how professional and non aggressive british cops are yet they still get the job done hats off american police need to take notes
all these women have such obvious respect and admiration for each other
all of these clueless reporters comparing themselves to cronkite and edward are. murrow and they can't even get through a teleprompter read-through without hitting the floor.
all lives do matter no matter if you are black white hispanic muslim jew atheist  christian.....period.
all i know is that my disorder ruined my life.
all day i dream about snacks
abusers are not just men. they can be women too
absolutely excellent as ever and yes cycling is fabulous for mental health.. bike when you're happy bike when you're sad shout at the rain scream inwardly at a complex hill climb and get that endorphin rush from being outside.. and smile at your fellow cyclists (and passing chickens in my experience a wee bwark at a chook makes many things better)
a man's chance of getting cancer is 44% and 23% of men will die from cancer 38% of women get cancer and 19% die.
2 comments 4 likes and no views on youtube
nah cut it off i'm sure i won't regret it
oh and niki pronounced mademoiselle maupin way better than siri did.
i just wanna make you feel okay
from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow
don't say i'm not your type
and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls
and i can't stand another day
all values unless otherwise stated are in us dollars.
yeah i got 2 backups for all that. i been strugglin for a week now...handle that tho
i love my iphone. haven't tried the new bb. my bb is provided by my corp. i don't get to pick which model
wow laughing out loud sounds like a lot of piss then hehehe
not a thang..the typical rap beef. one person worrying about what the next is doing and the other respondin etc etc
well where have you been when i have needed you 'mother time'
watching without a trace too...when i miss the 1st 5 minutes when the person disappears
which they do most of the time. i figured out i couldn't live with myself
haha i wish i was there :(
paranoid is wack...the best song on 808s is definitely bad news
in london :( enjoy yourselves
laughing out loudlipop laughing out loudipop...oh laughing out loudi laughing out loudi laughing out loudi....duh duh dum dum dum *pop* damn  i am so bad at cheeeering people up
you pretty sure angel's butt is fake too huh? that means fake.
i hear that. i love charging.
that is sad my furnace started making funny noises the other day and i almost had a panic attack. i don't deal with cold well :)
i hate your job too.
laughing out loud i'm not proud of my inability to deal with the cold :( i hate the treadmill too  but not as much as the cold...
i hate upping more than downing laughing out loud it is pretty awesome and hasn't met release dates let alone beaten them in ages :)
awesome :) i love updating the bios and wait to see the new things
looks like a good competitor :) wouldn't touch it personally i don't like symbian and nokia software :) my n95 is a bitch laughing out loud
ok. someone needs to remind them about progressive enhancment....
oh my god that is so funny
laughing out loud  i know what you mean. but i kinda am a nerd so yeah  but still
i hate that bands have wardrobes.
that sucks dude  sorry for your loss
okay cool.  i can help you guys this weekend.  those routers are a bitch to get working some times.
i hate when shows take holiday breaks. it is killer to my free time.
i'm such a pizza freak... mmm.
oh honey  just hold in your mind the rankest thing a guy has ever done to piss you off
...okay. maybe one more thing to look at on the interwebs.
now i remember that people used to call you benyl forgot that little detail  you see
we love you phil. doesn't tv want you yet?
thanks  yeah she's fine they have her sedated..she was being a bit rude. so they knocked her out
hate friendfeed...especially since scoble endorses it :)
oh well. i'll have to go find someone who's trained or something...wait  my wife is getting trained. now that's an idea
you're going too? fun
now i really  really want breakfast food
ughhh. how'd you get back from sterling?
i like it. amazing stuff.
poor baby andy. hope he gets better.
haha lots of snow and blowing wind
yeah where've you been ...?
i hate when that happens
what i love are white collars on colored shirts.
where are you trying to watch it?
laughing out loud i hate you. and by hate  i mean love  but i still hate you xd
having a difficult time managing witho the structure of college cles but i really want to work with you on it
ha if i were your neighbor  you'd be tweeting about that girlnext door with the loud music. admit it.
stumped on that one...
well  well  well...that sounds fantastic laughing out loud i'm sorry  what exactly was it that you wanted?
happy birthday maddie xoxoxo.
that is great. i would hate for you to have that big truck come by during the holidays.
i've never found a way so i star those. i love gmail when i don't hate it.
it is hilarious
i should be starting soon. :(  i gained weight this week from pms (eating a lot)
how do you do that?
if the opportunity arises  aye aye. god  i love kids.
yeah hes serious
being on fire is safe?
sure  name your price. oh sorry i'm not that pissed.
i forgot
i like meeting myspaces people you should know
the beef stew from that latin place? i loved their coffee i wanna eat there again.
ahhhh. brandy i love 'human' like a loves his cake thank you for making this album. ahhhhh i love you girl oh my god
dude. that. sad. :(
haha .. if that happened to me  i don't know what i would have done.
oooo she's gonna go with you xd
whale wars?? sounds epic.
can't you wind the flash levels down?i'd rip the things off if i could...
don't forget people sitting around working in a tshirt/boxers laughing out loud. j/OK  my wife is a neat freak & believe it or not i kind of am too
crying. literally. you win. i'm destroyed  laughing and crying and love you.
all computers love you back haha...good luck.
big quiz of the year 2008 is on c4+1.
wow i can't believe it
thing i adore the most = alternate side of the street parking rules.
awww bless  darling  you know you can *always* wear a wig and stilettos.
weird. i gotta say  i love my pig.
there was a svt tweet-up last night.i was down at bj's in cupertino till 7ish
i hate it when people buy stuff between thanksgiving and christmas because then you don't know what to get them
oh  heck i was all ready to pull a dan rather and pronounce dick cheney dead.
in case it's not obvious  the rabbit  gles are not phone-cam pix.
if i'm not pulled in by their previous tweet content i might even unfollow.  basically still selling to a stranger.
actually i have some problems with the british pronunciation... and yes  my internet service is slow..
those will sell like cakes
it's the power of having loads of money....some people could release an album of static and it'd still go platinum
sorry to hear it
see previous. damn twitter.
he's got no right  but that makes no diff to him. he's just still mad he went from cot to oh......
if you hate shapes  how can you pull shapes?
oh my god. great list i can add to tmi freak. folo one who shares stories about sex toys. no joke.
i love it so much :)
would you mind if i blogged about it to? hate doing that without asking first cleanup09
it's so fucking cute
i hate it when that happens :)
are you still at school? ha i finished two and a half weeks ago.
and that is why i love that movie/musical. despite the awesome music  there's redemption  and i love redemption.
oh and go blue whale watching. forgot to say.
i got a gigantic  bad  pizza cutter.  it's not just for pizza anymore.
me will be snoring in about 10... tired. i woke up at 5   it all
i work in mccormick place & hate the commute to nwi. you probably wouldn't even need to rehearse with the repetitive repertoire.
i swear i had to really force myself today.
it really sucks  most come on due to too much stress. i cannot control them. it has ruined a lot in my life  but keep pushing on
heidi and spencer i want them off the show
damn it all... i hate being trendy laughing out loud
thanks. it's part 2 we got stuck on. the rolling didn't seem to work. i'm a loser :)
that's quite a long code...but  one thing i can tell right now is that stdout and tty output streams need not be same
you take cnn's word over mine?  it. already told you that. ;)
word? oh  didn't expect that response
ah  sosa not the bumsquad fam.......hopefully you didn't drop $600
i thought 7lbs represented the weight of the burdeon on his shoulders. by the way the movie was pretty  good wasn't it?
you have way too much free time ...but that's  cool
shame right? specially since there's so much uncut dope out there
hey- finally managed to book the  tickets online- took me over an hour
them i'll link to another
oh damn.  i should be so much more sophisticated  but that is a cool song.  ok  except that last bit.  eep.  a little too ms
the new macbook pro?i am getting used to the tapping. i don't like the way new track pad clicks. too loud. too hard to press.
if santa's magic dies  he just becomes a regular old guy in a funny looking suit taking a 747 back to the north pole
i think we need to kick him out the league  laughing out loud
both arghh i'm gonna nap because i'm emo right now.
damn him  oh well...worth a try.
my friend is gay so it was kinda perfect - he said i could shop all day and then we'd go out. and no putting out ;)
i have family flying in soon. also i don't fly o'hare in winter. my new rule. he's at a nice hotel though. :/
i'm not sick  unless by sick you mean perfect. in which case i am totally sick.
i knew it wouldn't freak you out when ur time came  capture it if you can.
i need to get an iphone. no verizon...
no kiddin probably the reason i got married by a justice of the peace with two witnesses.
you're  right i did
i never thought of it that way but that is a good name..
he was a poodle of some kind. toy maybe? i remember his name was jack. so  cute i wanted to just pick him up and squeeze him
dude  you must earn  or have a lot of dough to shell out 50usd a day damn  that's serious
it's pretty bad  yo and the guys that run it kick  too
laughing out loud...i might...sun isn't up yet.  busy  multiple projects and people ready to kick  or die trying :)) weird
nice that's totally great
skippy trippy :)
man i have an idea that you will love & hate
is there a good intro to cucumber+rspec?
when i was young  i used to hate terry preichetbecause i compared him to tolkien... pretty dumb in hindsight
i hate how the corporate world wants americans to shave everyday.
it's just so  cute. even the ghosties that kill you over and over and over and over.... *ahem* are cute.
damn  that is out of reach for me now. thanks anyway. ever tried this ?
and also just my lappy is gone so m usin last fm...othrwise who gives a ...once it is back i'll have all the songs so bbye last.fm
ugh it is good she cares but still i'm sure you'd be ok.
ashley is my best friend
you was there grape? please tell me you've tried grape. it is the best
i wanna go ms baker  too
you should had me do that cleaning.
yeah  but are they stealing them from those ed stores that hold the poor things hostage in windows? i hate those stores
damn him  i had my milk all ready for some dunkin'
that's so sad i'm sorry.
i'm day 14 :( that is the only item both my kids have in common on there christmas list this year
have a safe trip  planes freak me out :(
will tweetie ever startup/refresh with the last read tweet like twitterific? i hate scrolling wayyyy down to see tweets i missed
ahh damn thank you is there any way to show them?
oooh no be well - i know :-)
to bad i am the winner
you'are telling me especially out on the back roads in east bum
you are gorgeous
yeah  do you believe our kids don't eat steak?  when we have steak  they eat lips and you know whats. laughing out loud
damn girl  these are cute
i think i have the same nasty chest cough.
know you have the yahoo t&c story too...  what are they chasing the few customers they have away now?
- thanks for following austin girl's . fat bastard  loves pink stilettos & pink iphones. not afraid to  ...
- austin girl's beagle fibs on reading diet & exercise books  really reading 'guide to the best chow in town.'
what is your name?
i want to...but i will be in vegas....laughing out loud...i wanna go see the wrestler...it is in sb i ume? gimme the details
lucky you it is summer here in aus.....wanna swap? ill make a snow man in thy honour laughing out loud
well i try my best. social media..keep it social  it peace love and happiness leslea =)
do you mind that?
thanks sweety. loki just rubbed me in with ben before he ped out for the night. too.
i'm surprised- um  what exactly is a good movie for you?
oh man that was a funny tweet. i'm in tears over here. hahaha.
smart  - here
oooommmmmmmmg i am watching biggest loser and i dont know who to vote for who are you going to do
hey hey biggest loser couples starts on tuesday
that's the spirit
no. no. no toasted. kaya toast please :d
he was yelling at me that golden axe- i have to play castle crashers. which is the same game but newer.
right now i love you and wanna be you at the same time... such a weird feeling.
how is your blog? your blog makes me hungry. i like eating :)
by the way -  quick disclaimer: i don't believe in god
today it is warm though  crazy cali weather
i've been yelled at by many bus drivers in the past.
on todays burn the fat blog. did i strike a nerve?  a-bud: i thought it was dead on.
thanks for sharing ;)
that was when wrestling was really good. raw is war  against wcw
damn that is cold the reason i'm always there for my kids
i prefer no doz pills washed down with coffee to get my  movin.....
who ruined your day
something about piss should do. or zebras.
oh blah. i noticed the used look  that's easy to do but ... green?? arg.
:  that sucks  well  maybe not...  maybe i can get some things done before you start buggin' me. ;)
good point cause i need someone to take care of that  pony
i've had a few 'fat' comments.  yeah  cause i claim to be thin
man. those look like some good eats.
if we can get a big enough turnout. i can line up some sponsors for a reception. we've got till then to grow the tpt
laughing out loud....hate when movies get the poker wrong.
wish i was there
i have no doubt that there is a problem there  it's just not the only problem.  i hate mutilple variables in a problem
damn  they had frontiers there next time. have you seen the ordeal?
andrew was being boring before so i stopped watching. damn  he has been on forever  haha.
i hate you for making me google that.
alyssa milano is off tha market laughing out loud
notice they waited for me to leave before they kicked gordons . ps 90min wait at border.
cool. what kind/speed is it? my 500 has about 60 gigs left
no  you  i hate you (because of pes :p)
next time it will be correct  i promise ;)
make it again.  i'll post on it.
safest not to get on the airplane at all  in my opinion.though going to grit my teeth & do it again in feb after 8 yrs. :-(
i missing the leak at a bar enjoying this ice storm.....an iphone work perfectly
it  i miss having pets now
it  i'll trade you
yeah  so am i and i stay fat. evil you're so lucky. it is unfair
oh.. my niece just tried to open one of my christmas presents.
laughing out loud ... no ... a very large dark sausage-like-thing made with pig's blood and spices. surprisingly tasty despite that :)
i'm strictly timb boots & army certified suits
not to piss you off  but i got a cut yesterday.
i'm not getting the firewood...it is saturday   it
got   this dudes flow is boooooring. *sleeps*
got  man. that's nice
penn (shitbird) & teller (i can't stand them. a lot) vs (the irrisistably awesome) jamie & adam? sorry  is there even a question in there?
...they're ing jeans.
must hate hitler.
wouldn't know greys if it bit me on the . i think she's been a supporting player in some ish i saw already. total be-list.
alybrooke i can i hate shopping
hahah oh my god  that was the creepiest clip of crazy i've ever seen in my life  ahhhh
i heard about their closing a few months ago.  they were a great group of people.
how many dogs? ...2?
heh parcells is a bad- who knows how to help you to find your inner bad-. hey  that sounds like a book.
thanks for the dm....that makes 5...deep pockets???
i'm fairly certain you'll be seeing more of kevin on best damn in the coming months.  at least more rants  if nothing else.  :)
damn  i'm working at home this aft or i'd drop by (my office is right near there). don't suppose you'll be there again tomorrow?
absolutely nothing  being the point :p and i have exams tomorow  i really should use this time to revise....but arts more fun
let's not start with the gay stuff  i just watched chuck & larry
i meant a smiley face - darn fingers. i love your goal.
seriously  me too.  he is such a dreamboat.  i still spazz out when he sings eodm in watching the detectives.
now i have to go for a run ...
nice to hear someone playing q3a missing it. try a game against xaero and let me know :p - grunt laugh-> grr..ha-ha
damn  i only got 1. i'm gonna get a complex now.
dude i'm still pissed about that movie
oh yeah we'd be soft fat and happy laughing out loud
hahahaha you are righttoday is a new beautiful day
awww man everybody coolin' my wild brother was buggin earlier  so i went a drunk a 5th to the head wit my because bout noon but
hell yeah i cried... a world without buffy is a world without hope... sarah michelle gellar too  beautiful to die hee hee
should have dome that
you have serious iphone keyboard accuracy issues  krk
tough time of year to keep the weight off. without my bicycle commuting  i'd be hosed. road bike has some dust on it. damn...
i nominate him in personal because his local is cute and he is an interesting twitter user.
it's good to know that even people within marvel hate gambit.  it gives me hope.
laughing out loud i know. i'm not a fool.
that weather is intense.
haha don't hate on my mad skills.
not a problem for me :)
me board and not feelin good  from to much parting- i like boys ;-)
who you tellin i hate doing them i am doing them now i was suppose to be orff an hour ago.....
ha laughing out loud. don't worry. josh and i don't exist on the winner or loser side. and the pix.ly logo is on the loser side though.
is any of them super strong?
i'm so jealous  i love ny
dang i would hate to see whats in twinkies
to expect a 20+ mpg auto that does not look like a easter egg or roller skate  that is unreasonable. ;)
i hate art completely did you have to do design and expressive and all that shite? i hate it
thanks for your kind words about sincerity. that's always been one of my favorites.
damn. wizards beat sultans every time. i'll have to try harder. ;)
i have a meeting tomorrow morning
that's pretty cool.  my first exposure to the concept was gaming in middle school.  i was (am) such a nerd.
you just love fruit snack eating
they waiting for an xbox or something?  laughing out loud
damn we keep missing each other
watch me while i'm typing on my iphone... hahaha
laughing out loud  no  i'm in utah. if you tell me she has another son named aeddon  i'm going to totally freak out though
she is a genius  really. if she says it's good well it is.
well i have other people following me outside of blogtv kiddies. i don't want to piss them off :-(
i just haven't had one in such a long long time. and that moby dick one is awesome. that's the best thing i've seen all day.
mhmm dick has been doin well  even so  the team overall makes a lot of little mistakes they need to fix. we'd be a whole new team
i have a recipe for pepper cookies which is quite nice..but a royal pain in the ass to make. also  only makes about 10 cookies. what the fuck?
yep the syncing is my biggest worry. and no control over the markup sucks. and not good for code snippets. much to like though.
hahaha that is my nickname when i piss people off and boyyyyyyy do i piss people off haha
yeah dude the default theme for wp sucks to decode and use for anything.. hence my never ending search for a plain good coded theme
i am in the same boat....i need to get my legs into shape.  i hate squeezing into my jeans
early aftenoon- 2 pm - off to the market for fresh fruit then stops along the shore for whale watching and caching on way back
summa cum laude.  i am so impressed.  i'm sure i don't know what those words mean other than "smart. "  congrats0
mine has to. it does it when i'm in the middle of typing a message and it is really starting to piss me off.
but then don't all your tweet show up on your fb status?  i tweet 2 much & it would piss off my fb friends.
who is the biggest gossiper you know?
did we have any classes together this year?
hold i am confused
i don't. but what is complaining about it going to do?
i wouldnt catch one.
you'll never know (:
how many languages do you speak?
repeat
entertainingly cheesy :]
have you bought any new clothing items this week?
they're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/
not really when i first meet them
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious
is love necessary in life?
do you wear hats?
what color is your toothbrush?
funny background statement =>
do you like the movie chronicles of narnia?
siblings?
have you ever bid for something on ebay?
in highschool maybe haha
well i thought that you were at first but i've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number
favorite song?
thank you :)
no we talk up
yes once
sing?
well if this is who i think it is  you didnt ask to see my poems  and i wrote some for you and i showed you and you didnt care much
have you ever wrote a love song?
do you believe honesty is the best policy?
who was ur first kiss
does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
do you miss your past?
not at all i smile too much
text me?
comedy or horror movies?
can you tell if someone is lying to you?
what is the most exotic place you have ever been to?
hope that it'll work? haha
if you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?
are you loyal?
what website do you spend the most time on?
cheesecake or brownies?  you can only pick one to have for the rest of your life.
you should come next week
what kind of music do you listen to?
is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
are you gonna watch the world cup?
what was the best concert you went to?
yeah... even though i really couldnt.
what do you value most in your friends?
most of the time
what color is your favorite hoodie?
what is your favorite movie?
is quality or quantity of friends more important?
would you reather have your heart be broken or break someones heart?
do you listen to your mom??
if you had threee wishes what would they be
hahhaha i would probably die of laughter.
does your name make any interesting anagrams?
what is the last film you saw?
wanting to help everyone but myself.
how long does it take you to get to work or school?
if you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?
movies or music?
people talk about something you know they have no clue about.
i forgot her namee  sorry d
summer sandals
are your parents on facebook?
list 5 people you know. then describe each of them in 5 words.
have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?
it makes conversation haha
would you rather take the picture or be in the picture?
what was the first thing you thought when you woke up?
if the whole world were listening  what would you say?
if you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
favorite dish
every now and then
what would happen if you get scared half to death twice? do you die?
what word describes you best?
i love you...? haha
if you could have invented one thing  what would it have been?
about how many pairs of jeans do you own?
elephants have very good memories. who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
do you fear something you honestly have no reason to fear?
do you think that questioning things is healthy?
worst childhood memory?
what doesn't kill you  only makes you stronger.
do you put anything on your spaghetti bolognaise?
would you rather be a zombie or a mummy?
do you learn the easy way or the hard way?
when was the last gift you received?
have you ever cried in public?
favourite game?
do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?
if an orange is orange and called an orange  why is a banana yellow and not called a  yellow?
what is your favorite thing to do with friends?
it is a beautiful life.
best day ever?
name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
what is the bravest thing you have done?
what do you think is your most attractive feature?
besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?
whats your favourite song out at the minute?
what was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
what did you dream about last night?
do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood?
what is a question you have yet to be asked?
do you put up christmas lights at christmas time?
whats your favorite out on myspace and facebook?
thnks :]
false.
sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past wk
is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about?
do you wish someone was with you right now?
are you picky about spelling and grammar?
kkkk. hope you feel better
no problem :] anytime.
why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead?
what would you do if you were the first person on earth?
person you talk on the phone with the most?
any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?
do you like skittles?
that everyone has a secret.
what gives you bliss?
do you prefer scary movies or comedy movies?
hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
because there is nothing else to do.
have you ever asked someone out on a date?
spiderman.
how many keys are on your keychain?
call me tomorrow at 7:00 am.
a world without bees
favorite drink ?
do you believe in life after death?
that was a funny ass video
going to my grandma's
why is it that another persons actions bother other people so badly?
september 7th
whats the worst thing to ever happen to you
i am the master at skippping rocks
do you like broccoli?
who is the love of your life?
hmmm probably buy a few things for me and one of my besties :d
do you dance in the shower?
what does music do for you?
when people ask you questions
have you ever had a poem or a song written about you?
are you a morning or night person?
what is your general philosophy of life?
are you afraid of snakes?
you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
i like to walk away from a situation yes. before it escalades and things are said and felt that aren't needed.
idealist or realist?
so who is it that you like?
are you good at giving directions?
favourite movie of all time?
if you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
what do you think of the saw movies?
what was the last movie you saw in the theater? what was the last movie you paid to see?
when you were a kid  what did you want to be when you grew up?
you can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. whom would you cast in the role?
i am tryin to think the last time i saw him also..laughing out loud
what are your plans for the weekend?
toothpaste that you are using?
be true to others to hope others will be true to you
how often do you check your voice mail?
if you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
i yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at
a bunch i am sure. white lies are the hardest to remember
yes. because they're awesome and i love suprises.
have you ever played baseball?
name a bird with a long neck.
do you ever think you smile too little?
do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?
in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?
10 things you want to do before you die
would you consider yourself to be spoiled?
do you volunteer for anything?
tell me about yourself :)
they matter but they aren't the decision.
i can sleep in anything when i am really tired laughing out loud
have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it?
have you ever cried yourself to sleep?
what cartoon character would you want to be?
what do you think of my questions?
are you stubborn?
love pizza?what toppings you prefer?
do you like to clean?
is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?
if you could have a super power  what would it be?
i miss you too (:
is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?
where would you most like to live?
how would you describe your personality?
do you like wild parties with lots of people?:
if you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
think of a movie that starts with the letter OK
if you could lose one emotion  which would you like to lose?
phsycology. i like to learn about the brain
if you were a toy  what toy would you be?
do you really  truly miss someone right now?
do you have dreams about becoming famous?:
how many people are you following right now
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done?
how old will you be turning on your next birthday?
what is your favorite season?
why you confused?
if you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? is this person just a friend or something more? do you like it that way?
what would you like to hear more about?
do you miss your hometown?
i know alot of pretty people.
if you could put somebody on a postage stamp  who would you choose?
can you ride a horse?
have you ever been on the guestlist for any event?
do you like to dance?
do you put cheese on your spaghetti?
where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?
what is your zodiac sign?
do you have a favorite beatles song?
how often do you wish you were a kid again?
have you ever taken dance lessons?
do you know karate?
what message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
sing to the radio