cnn calls michigan middle school 'build the wall' chant '' tcot
no comment  in australia   opkillingbay seashepherd helpcovedolphins thecove  helpcovedolphins
retweet if you agree
lumpy says i am a . prove it lumpy.
it's unbelievable that in the 21st century we'd need something like this. again. neverump  xenophobia
lets fight against  love peace
the white establishment can't have blk folx running around loving themselves and promoting our greatness
hey white people: you can call people 'white' by   race  identity med
how the altright uses  & insecurity to lure men into whitesupremacy
i'm not interested in a linguistics that doesn't address race & . racism is about power. raciolinguistics brings
why not  mocked obama for being black.      brexit
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
yes it's  when you call michelleobama a gorilla because racists have long thought of black people as no bet
as the smaller hands show barry probably lied about  being why his knicks game sucked more than his golf
you point one finger  millions are pointed right back at you  jewishsupremacist
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
take out the trash america...  - i voted against hate - i voted against  - i voted against  - i vot
if you hold open a door for a woman because she's a woman and not because it's a nice thing to do that's . don't even try to deny it
this man ran for governor of ny the state with the biggest african-american population
stereotyping prejudice  offer no hope or solutions but create the same old repetitive hate conflict
how manypols passed by how many times and said nothing?   bluelivesmatter draintheswamp  ferguson
7 horribly  ads from 2016 that made us cringe
"the dying of the light"  village green/town  antisemitism hocoschools columbiamd hocomd
you never answered me about your statement on the nazi's over hatred  & bigotry being found w
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
trump ny co-chair makes racist remarks about michelle obama  p2 p21 fyi  tcot
the pic says otherwise for young girls confined in that kitchen. you are void of meaning beyond cheap publicity topoli
when you're blocked by a  troll because you promise to  blacklivesmatter & let his nonsensical rants boos
why the nazis studied american race laws for inspiration   ushistory  eugenics
biherism absolutely originated in hateful  bigotry altright hatred of our african american potus theresistance
fo woh officer in viral arrest video was rude not racist: chief  crime officer
discussing republicans is the same thing as critiquing . we can't ignore the consequences.
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you?   retweet tampa miami
allahsoil the more familiar we become the more difficult it is to stereotype. .
anti racist is a codeword for antiwhite   asia for the asians  africa for the africans  white countries for everyon
you praised cleveland police during rnc the police are under a consent decree 75% are white  tamirrice rip
that doesn't prevent you from being a  and a bigot
girls in the world sexy mature housewife
i don't like the blacklivesmatter slogan.  talk about being .
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
fox new just coming out and saying it bluntly. one of the most  things i've read.
yes lets do thissuppoing a openly prowar anti islamichomophobicrapistwho advocates more of samehypocrite
porn vids wwwsmallgirlsexcom
the latest obsidian radio daily  thanks to     latesnews
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
just more overwhelming evidence that the company trump keeps echoes his sentiments & ideals dumptrump
"nigger?" lifelessons of a white kid who grew up in the 60's. blogpost  whitepeople respect
carolyn cooper | ugly poor ignorant and black
no he was definitely a  mexican. fakenewsale
standing up to racism and hate by americad not curse out congress and all haters  who are deplorable  hate
trump used hate  and putin to win the white house trump presses attack on khan family and g.o.p. leaders
everytime i wear soccer shis joie fries me and says i look mexican as fuck
the danger of white liberalism to oveurning  (applies to liberal men and feminism too)
great aicle. right on the money starspangledbanner slavery apaheid  usa
thank you the power of social media    aande
and you keep telling that only aryans are allowed to rape women you're just a  troll eod
any minute trump will condemn the  vile bigoted comments of his surrogate carlpaladino endhate
allahsoil vps got multi-million dollar bonuses while average americans lost their homes.
25 jan. interested in how discrimination and  has affected the criminal justice system?
keep up the opposition to   endthenation
i guess  is talking about progress in the advancement of  misogyny homophobia bigotry
jake is right 2 many people lack the will power to take a stand & drown the small minded & oft evil tendencies of past
. is it possible for you to speak in any topic without bringing race into it you bigot?
rushlimbaugh does his incredibly  obama impression.  via
black professor makes assumptions about an entire race whilst speaking for entire race. next week the jews
trumpusa when they call us   homophobic misogynist they are really saying they are jealous of us w
i liked a  video from   sjw retard wants more
msg of hope for newyear: a business to end . endof2016 tedtalks tedatibm
non stop election  i blame cspan for hiding  for 8 years 2016 pittsburgh california
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
is not an opinion. racism is degrading people based on race to justify discrimination or open violence against them. stopracism
allahsoil the next best seller book isis islam 2016in4worlds 2016in4words terrorists gwot
don't forget  - research shows that sexist men have psychological problems. tuckercarlson
"no i am not attracted to asian people because i am not asian"  what if i tell you no i am not attracted to you because i am not (inse race here) hoe
who defines ?: historically oppressed or historic oppressors/privileged
the latest the volatile daily  thanks to     space
radicalism shouldn't be countered with . terrorists see us as inhumans but we "the free" can't judge by color
but look how passionate they are about ivankatrump on the plane. which was fake. yet ignore adamsaleh. ra
todays  donkey zionazi is proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call
the fn is seeking to rid of it is anti-semitic xenophobic image but majority of it is sympathisers still describe the
all happy for  lbgt familybut what i don't get is the incessant but thin veiled  against other gay minorities?
no 'racist intent'? is this guy joking?  via   trump barackobama michelleobama
how quebec's humanrights & justice system fail to protect victims of police
i would have never guessed i would be so disappointed in a city.  berlin
this how  works in uk. if i'd been white & those politician impoed thieves black they'd investigate & prosecute. returnmyvinyl
the latest the maryland daily  thanks to   chrismukkah
also keyboard is  when i type "cause coopting terrorists" reg syria it autocorrects to "cause colored terrorists"
although i am not a  a bigot or a misogynist so i hope that i still qualify. keepyoureyesontheprize-mlk
what america owes blacks    africanamerican reparations now
if potus were white he'd still be the worst president ever and most likely the most  president ever. trump israel happynewyear
decolonizing the curriculum: the only way through the process is together -  decolonization
is a very profitable thing i am america
this. treasonoustrump unsatisfied with his whiteisis  terrorism has moved into nuclear terror in a new
yay except ellen made  comments so should we be suppoing her? if you say kimburrell made homo-resistant
newyear new prez. new destruction. new commercials. new new order new tweets. new poopin. new kids on t
because we have been shuckin'andjivin for the  democraticpay that only want our vote
if you didn't like  or hitler you're definitely not going to like traitor. trump
just because you liberals are self-loathing doesn't mean the rest of us are. the only weapon you have is to yell
buffalo school districts boots trump ally over racist comments. birdsofafeather  resist  :
dear versace: will not buy more if there s  in yur retail sign pissedoffitalian
pay of rich white  snobs  via  tcot tpc
ultimately a joke from early 2016 that i wish i didn't have to tell. i also wish it didn't do as well as it did
shot inside a pussy  office woman
do we need a different word altogether that defines "/hatred against whites and/or men" just to satisfy hateful people like her?
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
tyler perry claims reverse racism by critics of his tlc series tyler perry claims reverse  critics
shaking my head i can not take these one sided standards
1 get your own house in order 2 when you returning stolen land  hypocrite  liar inhumane
psa: in the age of information the true ethnicity of biblical people has caused an overlap of  and
just coz their is a few of these vids dont mean they are not woh wotching they are there hilarious a must watc
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
allahsoil not all muslims hate america.    emiratis 2016in4words
i felt that lawrence fishburn was added as the "magical negro" hollywood stereotypes are made of
feds provide inadequate mentalhealth care for firstnations: internal memo  thirdworldcanada
& the  democraticpay keeps telling me that blm but i see chicago detroit & every other inn
get over it the world keeps spinning .
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
if talking about  makes racism worst with that logic talking about how talking about racism makes it worst makes it worst.
allahsoil the problem is that theres no space for alternative explanations.
paul beloy:  is still an issue at varying levels in belgian football
it isn't  to target illegals and/or criminals. it's just plain commonsense.
lying  and his disingenuous excuses for  deviant remarks about michelle & barackobama:
bullshit he was thrown out for being a muslim
hope to see you at the show   feminist reproductiverights bihcontrol
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
hillaryclinton calls me   homophobic misogynist she really means she is jealous   wh
i wanna be fucked   my i would  13479   meet me here
no liberal believes that. we are the pay of inclusivity who believes in equality for all anywhere. you are a tra
this newyearsevemay our resolutions be 2 end problems like  & domesticviolence by turning 2 god of love
japan abe government is mere puppet of ultra rightist group "(japan conference)" fascism  guardian nytimes bbc afp rsf
i thought alt-right secretly meant white nationalist altright  maga
no hitler comparisons?
homegrown rightie white americans are 100 times more likely to harm you than a refugee.  fear
you black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
in academia yehtut offers more nuanced take on rohingya dvbmultimediagroup yehtut is  &
malia shake that ass you so fine.....pass the blunt
gop will fail on anti-morality platform.
if you look at a problem and the first thing you thing of is color be it black or white. you're pa of the problem
names for women fucking hard teen
i agree that hrc wouldnt have won the popularvote witho ca. much in same way trump wouldnt win witho the
chick gets fucked nude superhero
sex free sex hotline numbers
just some trump suppoers voicing their thoughts on women's suffrage and germany's immigration policy...
riyadh is renowned for some of the deadliest traffic in the world.       2017in3words
why the electoralcollege elects  presidents trump notmypresident newswithed
needs to fire  & the dumb mfer that hired his  genocide promoting ass don't hire their graduates
"people of colour do not enjoy equality within the lgbtq community;they are an excludedmarginalised group."
seriously  lede. come on  you can do better.
for hate crimes watch the  arabs in   never seen so much hate against the poor like in this
people spit on the face of god | meditations for the   cnn foxnews christians conservative christ
argentine women protest facebook's sexist censorship rules eg 2.  censorship freethenipple
what the heck this is so mean  please silence racism bully
allahsoil the crusader west vs. islamic terrorism is a popular sequel to capitalism vs. communism.
show me your tits idiot
this is disgusting grandmother grandsons   exist already
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
harbaugh had no time for stupid questions about bikinis.  thank you  no time 4 .   via
techjunkiejh:the daily show unpacks  against blackwomen and asianmen on datingapps
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
proves that small dicks make small minds  deploraball whitesheet inbred
travelled for canucks game sad and disappointed of oiler fans the  sad i can't cheer for my own team .
if you are one of the 64.2 mil americans who rejected   bigotry &amp; hatred fly your flag half mast on jan.
i don't wish an happy new year to a  an homophobic a warmonger a  a worlddanger like you.
yes disgusting and hateful trumpsamerica  hateful
check out this post confession: i'm   america controversy equality kaepernick nationalanthem
stocking sex sites  chick gets fucked
fox news anchor tells laurenduca to stick to thigh-high boots rather than politics
if you are hispanic black asian a non-racist white other minority don't serve in military while  in power cnn
are you hispanic &  like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
this much hatred xenophobia islamophobia antisemitism  and war was 'too much' for 2016. let's hope 2017 will get less
chick gets fucked videos of big asses havin sex
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
most problems can be solved by talking to each other instead of about each other. politics relationships  new
and even santa was afraid... of obama & soros   groups that threaten public safety & propey
allahsoil the revolution occurredjust not how marx expected it to.    teambts teamsuperjunior
is the dictionary word for anti-black
if i cud  this 1000x i wud. blackonblack   ris2016 antiblackness dogwhistle blacklivesmatter hamzayusuf
donkey zionazis proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call antisemtism
if i'd posted your flag logo in 2008 i'd have been called . forced to bake a cake. same for dancers. elitist asses.
it does not help when a person comments "i don't like obama but you're out of line" like duh mf you knew you were voting same as
trophy. i have always been one. by   "educate yourself"    womenwednesday
a dystopian tale of  radicalisation & revenge  preorder for 99c/99p
fascism doesn't arrive doing a nazi salut.but in a sharp suit altright  richardspencer trumpism d
and it leads to more violence
how trump  is viewed by women explained be michelleobama   womensmarch women predator
has happened far too often
happy newyear sameshitnewyear corruption trump terrorattack fundamentalism  violence isis crisis hatred murder terrorism
"the education of public servants is a critical pa of the path forward..." so true.
only a   bigoted person would tweet me.  calling me names for telling the truth.
. you suppo hrc who was funded by saudi woman-degrading pigs. you suppo women not driving and covering their face.
the holidays will be better than ever now marijuana unleashed is at ibooks.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
multiple types of racism in america   us america
disgusting racist thugs look forward to him going back to jail
the correct way it should have been written doesn't matter her profession  is clearly still a thing
girl get fuck leg fucking
and there you have it folx. the numbers don't lie. americans are mostly .
how the altright uses  & insecurity to lure men into whitesupremacy
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
democrat pay has alway been the pay of   before it was black inferior to whites. now whites are inferior to everybody
how far is europe swinging to the right? - nyt  libcrib uniteblue fascism trump fear ignorance  hate
why is 4 whores on ring of fire ?  misogyny
aloha and  on  we oppose fascism  and all warsforoil
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
dear theresamay. brexit is  & lies. remainers should never unite with leavers. have a shit christmas lady
nyc assault womenonly forher 2017 newyears resolution womenissues- self defense for women course
texas the principal resigned  justicereform the politicians are corrupt. that means the judges are in...
and destructive socialists maddow
beware the "snowball effect" blackman pa 2
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
chepstow gwent : police appeal following 2 alleged  assaults  wales cymru
"the holidays are a violent time for me and i have begun to question the impoance of families.familycircus chri
check this out i mentioned this org to you back in april. founder is a girl from nyc. happy new yea
christians saying i am not racist is  enough protest and denounce   retweet
check out this flyer for trump yay titties question: do we have to bring our own pussy to grab or will pussy be
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
dealing with relatives reminding you that "the clock" is ticking? this might help.  childfree
we have to do this. need to change  profiling economicapahied hatespeech and get service to the poor.
. what a douchebag. like his dad  assholes rapists pedophiles evil satanists
work out the idea of creating a substantive argument and making a point rather than calling names.
and we're happy another year passed  stop
ultimately a joke from early 2016 that i wish i didn't have to tell. i also wish it didn't do as well as it did
sad that there is so much hatred towards jews in eu & xians in me. remember xians of kenya nigeria
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
lessons to be learned   why do we...hate?    don't shoot d messenger...just press play ...
trump corruptgop   history can not be erased with your money and power
10 hours of walking in nyc as a woman    newyork women men bigots
carlpalladino makes  comments about michelleobama.
allahsoil when the market crashed in march 2000 greenspan cut interest rates even more
new video shows how  this guy  and how he staed to abuse and humiliated an muslim guy
launching politicalmillennial in january stay tuned for datesletstalkabout  climatechange education
i find the burka offensive because the implication that men can't control themselves on sight of an uncov
is so typical. could you be anymore  ? just look at the hate her feed. you say notmypresidnet but
if you are one of the 64.2 mil americans who rejected   bigotry & hatred fly your flag half mast on jan.
check out this post confession: i'm   america controversy equality kaepernick nationala
outrageous un  vote: un voting against israeli jewish businesses only in judea and samaria blacklistin
shut up rat
in the gop deplorable i have seen many "conservative" memes over the last 8 years notfunny
i wasn't aware facebook was a legislature.
. exemplifies the swamp draining it 20days  dems taxpayer thieves islamicterrorist enabler
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
alexpascal was friend of my late daddy and my music teacher.     eu easteuropeans are
falsenarrative falseequavalency your comments are reflections of ignorance and
episode 6 of the guns for everyone podcast is up.  guns igmilitia  pewpewlife
we were talking about obama and your  and bigotry.  stay on topic.
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
obama suppoing communism+islam which is another as deadly ideology isn't 'bout race-only suppoing nazi=
prison officers goaded muslim inmates until they needed to be restrained as pa of a  game
speaking of  in science and medicine...   cc
how is the word love even in your vocabulary? do you know what it means? notmypresident resist  2017
icymi: "why 2016 was not a complete washout for anti-racism" by   change antiracism
*this* is everything the next 4 years will be. neverump pussygrabberinchief idiocracy
women nude anal anal t girls
porn blue tube  office woman
your comments are reflections of total ignorance and absolute
the  lady said it's the juniors only area (it wasn't) & i'd be ask to leave if someone complained. then her boss defended her
gtfoh if itz not  crackalogic to malign a black woman abt raising her son instead of arresting the white man who choked him
fo woh texas police chief: officer acted 'rude' but not racist in viral video
allahsoil if the fear mongers become the loudest voices who knows what could happen.
is this a new one? either way men disgraced themselves.  harassment  verbalassault
police check cashing industry atlanta and profiling black men:  police checkcashing atlanta blackmen profiling
i'm defending a woman against condescension.  although i saw you tweet that she belongs in the kitchen
stop these  chelski fans. equality diversity
jeff sessions omits decades of records for his ag confirmation hearing  you can't hide
buffalo parents rally to remove trump ally carl paladino from school board after  remarks
buffalo school board demanding resignation after  remarks made about obamas  pc carlpaladino newyork
hey  - what is going to be done about this teacher making  statements?  malvern arkansas
nigelfarage: "for too many years any criticism of immigration  or it is effects on society have been shut down by
wants obama to catch mad cow disease after being caught withherford. dies before trial. buried in cow pasture.
trumps wall is not about . the coal fired electrical producers need to dispose of sulfur fly ash stockpiles.
will send you to the trump inauguration~ join today
when the sisterinlaw gets frustrated.  women have to encounter. idiots.
i have to say i love me some    even if  is  against mexicans laughing my ass off
mcconnell obstruction goes all the way back to when he discovered obama was black
so is it offical that jews are officially  in the eyes of the libtard masses?
the latest science you can use daily  thanks to
diisgusted by the perks  offered to passengers of the same race as male crew members on flt 43. vs others who arnt same.
the truth abt police &  maga  audiblechannels
happy new year
nicola sturgeon sends her christmas message surrounded by white children. no brown kids for nationalist nicola.   s
india willoughbys entitlement is socialized not innate  sick of revoltingly  entitled tws opi
anyone claiming trump ran on a whitesupremacy platform immediately becomes fakenews & loses all credibility
multiple types of racism in america  us america
you may have good intentions in saying "i don't see color" but you're missing the point.  col
i won't waste my time on some  sdob that has to plaster color on his profile blm  bacon lettuce maters matter on 2 slices of bread
the latest the african american turmoil  thanks to     blm
will the alt-right promote a new kind of racist genetics?  eugenics
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  ~9
are  hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
chaplin - the dictator speech  via   theresistance  resistance resist maga altright ra
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
excellent idea dig deep & hang 'em high treason aidingenemies fraud coverups benghazi extoion17
it's clear why'all had no good reason to hand the keys over to a goon. but yet...
again  looks like a damned fool for 50 years the usa has openly opposed settlement buliding by israel
thank you mr. president obama.  the light that revealed darkness  in we the people of the usa.  we are stronger.
this should have been enough 2 just say no notmypres what the fuck2016 neverump unpresidented bigot
the bears rapacious hunger for oil also sealed it is doom.   allahsoil  teambts
carl paladino says michelle obama should live with a gorilla   resign resignation stop  -
. gives white nationalist  troll a platform to spread his hate.  won't be reading/buying any of their boo
"black lives matter blm except for mine apparently" have the patience 2 watch this all the way through    jo
the stupidity of the alcoholic wiunion hags is the stuff of legend
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
2017  make fakequity great(er) again  via  racialequity
your definition of subtle  doesn't count. use the english dictionary definition. otherwise you risk slander.
piece of shit hrc emails are nothing compared 2 you apologize for  spew against  pig
who the hell is juan to decide if kellyann can raise her kids and work? we've been doing it for years can't stand
trump hooked the healand by validating their   adultery incest pedophilia bigotry hate deceit  maga notmypresident
video men and womenmalayalam girl with dreads porn video
crybully snowflakes wanna talk about  &/or diversity?  but read brief honesty of  editor
dear politicians & media this jind insident is not  but a matter of humanrights & safety of women in india
here's a ?for the day the government and states county's etc. can ban smoking saying ceain words  clothing in schools ...so  ?
allahsoil we should never equate culture with exclusive geographic boundaries
whitenationalist leader reveals 5 of his most horrifying hopes for america
win with dignity you chauvinist pig. notmypresident fucktrump lostpopularvote americadoesntwantyou  bigot
new york bistro faces shocking accusations: hosts hid minorities at cramped tables out of sight
"your people" would have all died of scurvy their first winter if the first nations hadn't shown them a cute.
chaplin - the dictator speech  via   theresistance  resistance resist maga altright  dts  trump
how  was first officially codified in 15th-century spain
why do all "liberals" look the same? i mean i know that i'm being  for saying this but cmon ps. where do i
was just cussed out & called a racist on fb over "work attire" thread yep. my comment was dreads wouldnt be safe in ceain jobs.
it's not just lasses...
good job on reducing a talented performer to her physical "assets" you misogynist douchewaffle.
precisely why the deplorables are up in arms
lgbti poc need to speak up against the  that's rife within the lgbti community it's unacceptable
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
__luicalibre__'s video   a close fiends dad died on 911
it's hard to believe i live in a world where my 700 pa hillary thread isn't trending but "tony hawk" is.
fuck xenophobia and  drink arabian spiced coffee and eat berberian spiced food rainbow diversity only
this thread is the fully bomb. racism is the most effective weapon of white supremacy. it has no i test in being di
trump's allies are unstoppable  obama  via  christmaseve
great aicle of truth about trc needs. comments back up why it's needed.  indignenous - via
black professor makes assumptions about an entire race whilst speaking for entire race. next week the jews  nazi
if you are one of the 64.2 mil americans who rejected   bigotry & hatred fly your flag half mast on jan.
researchers: most effective way to fight  requires white people calling out white -s  altright
it was an error on my pa i agree.  she was an exceptional performer i was thrown off by an something inconsequen
i decided to become a feminist beginning 1/1/17. if any feminists are reading plz help to find educational materials.
2016 was the year white liberals realized how unjust  and sexist america is
why only target little muslim children for mispronouncing "terraced house" & treat them like criminals
wen will south choose dark south heroines. kajal tamanna amy what the fuck??
he should turn in his resignation.
feminism and equality helps everyone it helps men and women  hus everyone everywhere
bout to spend new year's eve playing  the game laughing out loud
my family's horrible  attack at thegreenpalmcottage in plettenburgbay westerncape thyini thiza we want t
her not working with trump should be a good thing
you can go ahead & change your profile pic. hepburn was an ambassador to unicef & your ignorance would have
truth from   about  malevote
these conservative  white boys (yea calling you punks boy like you did/do us) like   etc annoy me
"  in the workplace & family responsibilities add to pressure as they face unequal pay & lack of suppo"
stop perpetuating false racism and leftist subversive politically correct propaganda. america is not racist w
trump lackey carl palladino is th get of a mating betwn a pig & a hyena &  iq of a slug. apologies to all pigs hye
you don't think w will share guarani aquifer water w those who humiliated little brother
says he's ashamed of things he's done but continues to make shameful remarks to women hypocrite
peruvian women nds adult game
your comments are reflections of ignorance and
i think his the worst in everything  his hatred towards our country was too much  bluelivesmatter
keep in mind  is totally not  but all whites are dumb....
greek girls having ana sex  black girl porn
allahsoil we the people originally meant we the white landholding males.
manipur ndtv timenow samachar zeenews dordarshan  genocide  what would be the reaction of the...
this is beyond upsetting. i was one of her biggest fans.  whitepeople  hawaii jlaw disrespect
ik right some other racist  makes a meme &they swear it's proof what happened to fakenews fakenewsmedia
if reginald mcfadden had face to face interviews about being returningcitizens then commutations would be possible
kevin macdonald:  ethnocentrism is normal and rational     race ethnocentrism  altright pegida
reading 4 the next american revolution | race  intersectionality language politics education
j.c penney employee holds customer in headlock   wow and they havent responded corporatebs  boycottjcpenney
peace out fucku2016: 2017 will not be better unless we loudly fight corruption   xenophobia islamophobia homophobia resist
trump ally made  remarks towards obamas - dec 24  9:52 am et
i don't even know what is/isn't  anymore.
have the balls to  it and expose me as a racist.
typical lying leftist that is slander of a grp  christians dont kill 4 christianity
paul beloy:  is still an issue at varying levels in belgian football    by adamitv via
it is official: hate breeds hate   prejudice parenting
that whole russia trump tiesto  whiteamerica too stupidto realise that a young progressive countryis gop communism
.  tragic 4 white americans that  prompts so many 2 vote 4 candidates who will slash their ow
how will society overcome ?  is it possible to end racism? it happens one person at a time. spirituality
in atlanta the  mayor & police force allow s to rule the city block roads & freeways witho action
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
allahsoil we should not conflate islamic extremism with terrorism     emiratis 2016in4word
the latest the knitting clio daily  thanks to    twitte
allahsoil lehman brothers went belly-up in september 2008   2016in4words  islam
trump campaign official wants michelle obama to be let loose to live with african apes  notmypresident
i have been open about hvg fibromyalgia & being a survivor of years childrape more than one rapist.  is still my chief complaint.
only ass hole is you in your head big hole= no brain hea love truth kindness peace compass
i despise . in that hatred of racism it causes me and many other black people in
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
suspected henrico vandal's mother: 'my son isn't racist'
mean cruel  talkradio hosts like  make it impossible 4 person of color like me 2 feel american.
can't wait to see you & your admin hang for treason trump makeamericagreatagain
what is your problem?
everyday life for a white south african.
at work: attorneys for white officer who shot philandocastile remove black judge from presiding over trial. ht
trumps odd nye tweet to enemies  trump 'the odd man out' economy hype self serving fool idiot
thought factory: bbc neutrality on right wing fascism  politics media blm brexit trump leadership >4
so deep    need2know. if clintons are eating brown bread drinkdark milk
are you black & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet tampa miami
evolution's got a serious public relations problem even among the well-educated. we need to de-stigmatize the fact
freaking nasty rotten people whiteslavers monsters release domnica now  whiteslavery venezuela you are going to pay. let her free
are you hispanic .. feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
if ur employees are going to say merry christmas to white people please teach them to say it to the brown people too
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
but  i'm also correct whom our enemies are and whom to ally with; to rid ourselves of  and join together in what we have in common
the white establishment can't have blk folx running around loving themselves and promoting our greatness
indianapolis colts black cheerleader hugs boy who used  slur. so. much. class
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
rupemurdoch's    empire is growing. many people are employed by him. and whoever pays the bills is the master
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
from emojis to the inexistence reverse   via . .
this woman needs to be arrested and prosecuted for encouraging rape of another race depoation
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner? putinschoice putinspuppet retweet
french try to stone & kill indians in quebec  criminal
holiday fun socially relevant podcast celebrates '70 bewitched xmas ep
nazi swastika ebay trump donaldtrump republicwhitepower
this idiot makes my blood boil  pig liar
please just stop.
why is it forbidden to write '2 blacks' on a restaurant bill but ok to wear a t shi saying 'kill all whites'? dzange capetown
movie-mad indians challenged to rewrite sexist bollywood songs movie indians challenged rewrite
in trumpsamerica  feeling empowerd  fowoh  mother after arrest;  via
caturday. if you truly stand for equality then none of these can be acceptable.
the countdown till these assholes are gone  obama and moron creepy uncle joe bye bye  scum
thanks to all those  dead white dudes from europe.  ain't a nigga in da list. blm rapechucktodd
like to know why you can't buy pot at the local drug store?  marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
man sees me wearing manchester united hoodie: are you a fan?  me: yes  man: are you sure? do you even know one player?
no liberal believes that. we are the pay of inclusivity who believes in equality for all anywhere. you are a tra
never be content to sit back and watch as others' rights are trampled upon. your rights could be next. iqg
will the alt-right promote a new kind of  genetics?  mt
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
allahsoil the cold war was also fought over oil.   teambts teamsuperjunior
bluelivesmatter  woke manspreading is okay   ifyourenotwhiteyourenotracist
sea shepherd suppoers are racist  seashepherd    antiracism
a look at the repug gop pay bigots   at
all women's facility or program = cool  empowering  all men's facility or program = gay or misogynistic.  doublestan
damn she's bold kentucky jcpenny mexicans bitchesbelike
so when is your next klan meeting? my wife isn't white & i'm proud of her & our love. we are each others gift from
cleveland police union overwhelmingly endorses trump for president  cleveland ohio 75% of cops are white &lt;&lt;
this sums up why i voted for brexit; not  or littleenglander syndrome but sovereignty and democracy
mustread education against  & stereotypes
bigot carl paladino  ally wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 17  trumpproofamerica
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
tell that jeffery beauregard  to quit foolin' around and come pick up his hood & sheets for saturda
wahhhh  white people arent allowed to do this  .   fuck you rich. we don't care
please don't forget to use the word  that is what "binds" these men. we can never ignore or excuse that
makes me sick that 4 ovr 25 yrs idolized george bailey but 2016 uspoli choose potter / greed / lies misogyny/  learned 0  fail
don't let the bigot skate on his true record of
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm +8
when the waiter asks  if he wants to eat the plate aswell...
. . climatechange denial. fascism. antiegalitarianism. narcissism. trump.
atk porn pics  representations of women in men's alcohol ads
3 miami officers fired over target practice 'jokes' policebrutality  newswithed
did you vote for this  animal trump's america: no fat chicks
check out this flyer for trump yay titties question: do we have to bring my own pussy to grab or will pussy be
.  while  can use phrases like sandniggers is acceptable 2 yeah hm you is
i know uskkk gb msm media &  who's less racist than  crazybengiefbps: i'm a wog or should i say "nut"
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
fantastic video on buzzfeed's hate of men.   manhate
what makes me  please let me know
shot to racism. shot  disparo trompas trumpas migitorio entreteiment
hatecrime against sikh community in calgary
patriotwatch: 1.48 projection  auspol rwnj upf s cult cultism projection springst  straya
and misogyny is alive and well on the left.  never let them tell you it isn't.
i'm not a lady because i have a voice opinion and i'm not scared to speak my mind wait.. isn't that  & against
are you hispanic .. feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
i've had 9.5 years of mostly arrogant abusive discriminating & even  dutch 'drs'... just leave me to die
. ends 2016 with a hopeful message against  in the music industry  via
nigger pattismith book?? what the fuck that's  reich?
in2017iwantto work at seeing naming and dismantling my own others and systems  whiteprivilege privilege.   white
two bots one girl     tcot p2 feminism  sjw sjwlogic
2017 scatter joy may we bless&keep shine upon be gracious look kindly toward one another. let us all love as a
deafed community: look at rethinkdiscipline.  ableism audism stpp massincarceration deafinprison decriminaliz
no liberal believes that. we are the pay of inclusivity who believes in equality for all anywhere. you are train
is an 83 year old man still young enough to teach him about sexism and what not to say about women?  help
whining "women have it so much harder than men cause ."
carl palladino unfit to be on buffalo school board.   resign
council staff have been instructed by the anc to go slow and make the da look bad. this was exposed a few weeks ago.
emma stone on hollywood : "they've given my jokes away to male co-stars"  via
your comments are reflections of ignorance and  c
clearly just humour. attempt by liberal media to undermine trump. racebaiting won't work. trump is not a .
less jacobmarley more potter  seems in end evil misogynist  narrow a hole wins george bailey= epic
nick cannon speaks out against the systemic  of   via  alllivesmatter unbornlivesmatter
have we ever had peotus willing to complain abt his defeated opponent & pay well after election over and to do s
newyearseve factophobia ale with people in 2017 who use following words: islamophobia  feminism culturalenrichment
caroline is a race-baiting  -->  &lt;-- hating on trump's wife
congrats tucker you came off exactly as you are. childish  paisanhack
those opposed to  negligence hatred injustice climatecrimes ecocide will let trump know our agenda 2017
if i ever met him i would drop that pos right where he stood  is nothing but a crapsac
and how do jews plan on doing the work of god without god?  matthew 1:23 "...and they will call him immanuel (whic
jcpenny  ranting so no one no one in line said anything... silence is complicity in racism. speak up pe
i can't believe that they don't show blazing saddles on tv any more just because the lead actor is a black man... that's
is mexican a language? dude it's obvious you back trump. he said he loves the uneducated.  bigot trumpworld
happy new year white people elected a  president who treats women like crap and a biher disrespectful kkk suppoed white devil.
i'm not a  but  is the truth reality
i can't believe you keep a  like  as your spokesperson. what a loser company you are.
white fragility: why it is so hard to talk to white people about :
"the deafening silence from anti-racist activists regarding  in porn is hard to comprehend."  htt
tonight in cologne. proudly presented by goverment police + media it's a big staging going on there
this cambersands deaths blamed on victims' "culture" by council what about paying lifeguards maybe?  wow
more marxist evil jew propoganda why is it jew controlled media has never and never will cite any non white grou
allahsoil like all religions islam is a strong unifying force.      teambts
mustread education against  & stereotypes
ouuh fuck it      bustymilf
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
here's how to combat violent extremism in 2017. "the white nationalist who came to dinner"
pathetic fallacy? infantile ? just in case anyone wondered whether  had a brain we have proo
michelleobama is the most hated women in america today get your facts straight   her and her  oprah
why do  refer to everyone else as racist. simple they're projecting their intolerance.
white people got nothing to do with this nigga. it's just one sick horrible person sadly all you
dear  you are a  asshole. please go fuck yourself.
more  propaganda from palestine - this time videos on "how to properly stab a jew"  standwithisrael
mizzou: body cam reveals black students threatening white frat boys...
allahsoil vps got multi-million dollar bonuses while average americans lost their homes.
no it doesn't germans even fascists rape too. so how should  help?
2016 - the year in
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
rohingya muslims toured by  officials     myanmar's . and her rul
why? it's gonna suck - no one wants anything to do with this shitfest rapist trumpuniversity
pastor maimane won't respond to thatzille is his boss and she literally made him.he will kiss his job goodbye shou
just asking....oh and of course black people can be racist. that belief in itself is superior and by definition is .
you win douchelord 2 of the year. good work. dickhole douchebag asshole yousuck mysoginist bigot  fear
allahsoil stones and humans are different but to gravity theres no difference.    em
racial profiling by  in cologne. such disgusting...
lock the gate pamgelleheracist   mmiw mmiwg
engagement to a white . after he calls her a nig$a it will be over  subhuman
(only) black lives matter also closely affiliated with and suppoed by workers world pay and other communist org
fuck off we're full.  outrage
blacklivesmatter aryanbrotherhood kkk  whiterace alexjones   jews >
who had that 4 blackpeople  beat up a whiteperson so isn't that ? no 3 bp might make it 2 cou alive but serve life somehow. vs..
this really is some lovely company you have there petous and  well done.   antisemitism misogyny
how does it feel to be most hated potus ever? crookedtrump  traitor notamericaschoice bigot
twitter is full of vile altright  homophobic theistic trolls but man does it give me the juice to fightlikeagirl
critics threaten boycotts of simon & schuster over milo yiannopoulos book deal | the huffington post
president woodrowwilson held a private screening of d.w. griffith's "bih of a nation"  history 13th
allahsoil like all religions islam can be a strong unifying force.    teambts
stuakenyon81 cover reveal  swiftly sharpens the fang  radicalisation & revenge eevalancaster
note for those who call wn  for opposing the latest  ad: damn right we are get that filth off the net you race-traitors-
"nigger?" lifelessons of white kid growing up in the 60's.  bloggersblast respect
yoyas market in deming nm did not sell beer to me because i'm white they said they were closed then a hispanic walked in n they sold
are you black & feel like  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
the latest the liveleap bonus daily  thanks to    amandanunes
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
the scars left by us waime camps  mt
preorder live 99c/99p swiftly sharpens the fang  dystopian tale of
book - enduring conviction: fred korematsu & his quest for justice  humanrights ht
come in  =fraud &  documented liar    lost base after calling them nazis brownshi  he's pivo
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
all happy for  lgbtfamilybut what i don't get is the incessant but thin veiled  against other gay minorities?
he graduated from usa & his friends wanted him 2 forget his rector  against islam
this is what ladies like... laughing out loud what the fuck is this? this is why you all let a  get in the white house. you're all a shame.
aptly named... we have whitesboro in ny with it is ndn killing town seal and whiteland with it is mascot
so is it offical that jews are officially  in the eyes of the libtard masses?
any other striker in the league did the same wouldnt have been disallowd munmid
video men and women malayalees xxx picturebangladeshi
more americans hate him
do asians need higher test scores? is it harder for asians to get into college? the answer is yes
"ebonics": pa of huge con-job blacks & liberals have been running on america for decades. is actually lack of lan
allahsoil the bears rapacious hunger for oil also sealed it is doom.    teambts teamsuperjunior
anyone who thinks asian fetishes are "harmless" needs to read this.  objectification
seriously  lede. come on  you can do better.
the truth about  sexualharassment & laborviolations
libtard regressive=. can't effo a logic point without insults or slurs especially if refuted. that's wh
my story: how race and  have played a role in my life -
hello there sweetie  i will be glad to see you here
are you black & feel like the  are on you? listen  retweet tampa miami newyork
'racism without races': classifying humans into races the biggest mistake in history of science.  race
one thing i agree with evan on gop are  liars cheaters
carlpaladino the trump official underfire  for obama  remarks
this is a completely justified call out on my comment. again i do apologize
racist old woman is america  oldwoman
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
racism is a manmade tool to say we're different when we really aren't equality
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
kinda digged the white chick tho thought she was gonna win but guess  sarcastic
uk 2016: where it fell to pop star  to do the job of the bbc euref brexit media
as a student in 89/90 in a gay bar i stood next to a white man who said "i don't do pakis"  jeremyjoseph  lgbt
the anc never prosecute that type of offences against white people. just listen to zuma and malema and you know why.
bullshit he was thrown out for being a muslim
obama joins the jackals   ass america will miss obama when they realize trump will do nothing for them. trumpis
haha i get it
resign  bigot  sandyhook tears
so far all the blog comments claim senad lulic statement wasn't racist. join the debate.  lazio
allahsoil muslims arent the only ones being displaced by uncle sam     2016in4words
next attack will not be in japan. guaranteed. smaimmigration  zeroattacks istanbul religionofpeace reliability
economicsanctions on russia cuba and china but none against whiteprivilege or whitesupremacy or   2017 roughwaters
we cannot address issues of fair trade or fresh h20 with so much violence. better 2017?npr:
. just delete your account shallow  and go away.
here comes a  supermistict douchebag who can only poke his nose as sme of all.  burninhell
i noticed too. definitions  of bullying  and disabilities are trying to be changed so people don't hv to. htt
classic  yet you jewish bastards wonder why you are sooo hated in the world.
"the dying of the light"  village green/town  antisemitism hocoschools columbiamd hocomd
you're the one who should be leaving this eah you  piece of shit
directly applicable to trump.
the left don't know how to do anything right including insulting.  leftist  snowflake happyholidays
huh i wonder why? could it be that he's a well documented tyrant  bigot elitist crook ?
donaldtrump's ny campaign co-chair carlpaladino unleashes on the obamas in  2017 wish list | mic
allahsoil the odds of dying from extremist violence are roughly one in 400000.    emiratis
in chief- the gangs all here hillaryclinton obama soros more caoons at
goverment left is against womensrighttochoose a drink  feminism hillary trump  discrimination obama
expressions of  misandry misogyny (ie power) are pa of all marginalized groups who live with fear.
university of wisconsin-madison won't cancel racially biased 'problem of whiteness' course
both   & dumb pelosi
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
kindledeals  publishing industry tell-all  just $3.99  bookpublishing publishing kindle kindledeals
christians saying i am not racist is not  protest and denounce   retweet
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     ad
suck it haters hillary voters hate/fear this trump voters love/know this. who is the ?
microsoft twitterbot turns into a raging sexist  and genocide-defender. ai tech
the latest the all in one news24 daily  thanks to    africa
carl paladino trump ally wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 17
are you black & feel like  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
why is it christmas eve? why not christmas adam?
pos take that painting down asshole fucking chump
trump is guilty of treason   we theresistance must resist   hate  naked raygun treason
the latest socialmooc  thanks to    feliz2017
reject  news  - my latest amwriting aicle on
. are you seriously considering a performance at the inauguration of a  lying misogynist
are you black & feel like the   stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
allahsoil the problem isnt that everyone believes this caoonish rendition of the facts    racis
all the snowpeople in this movie are white.
when lauren duca says that  looks like she smells like vanilla she means white.    rocks his tenacity
pure  today in cologne. everybody looking arabic is kettled female friends had to leave for better pics of media. presented by gov
excellent rambling about: the alt right  tcot tlot altright   blacklivesmatter (
patriotwatch: 1.48 projection  auspol rwnj upf s cult cultism projection springst
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
are you hispanic & feel like the  are  on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
this is really telling.   microaggressions race whiteprivilege antiblackness
nothing human about  cruel bitter sociopathic  the soul has fled the fugly lunatic.
live the c.o.w.s  compensatory call-in  or 641.715.3640 code: 564943 iswar
what in the fuck is this? presidentpussygrabber notmypresident tinyhands  putinpuppet
allahsoil the media distos the threat of islamic extremism.      emiratis
allahsoil the more familiar we become the more difficult it is to stereotype. .    emirati
is this a new one? either way men disgraced themselves.  harassment  verbalassault
hey you unless piece of garbage  obama will always be more of a man than you ever will  hillbilly
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
intolerant post-brexit britain: history shows we can be better than this | brexit hatecrime nationalism
this is awful just slap on the face to americans hey my neighbor black just bought a $700000 house. we are so
don't hire      graduates. they're taught  & genocide.
how dare you accurately poray treasonoustrump china? next they'll say he's a fascist  lapdog for putin.
expes explain the best way to deal with  friends & family.
the historian whitewashing ukraines past  ukraine volodymyrviatrovych history whitewashing  jews nazis
has your body the bodies of your generations been the sites of fear repulsion violent desirehatred? ableism
sickening but very impoant reading
woman catcalled walking in newyork shuts down harassers in best way ever   harassment  ny manhattan
if krakow is so beautiful then go & stay there & let us build our love & peace here uk. i have east european  relatives.
maga maga3x this moron who tweeted this sewage below doesn't understand why he and hillarylost.
why do the most wise words often come from black americans? is it just a reaction of ? denzelwashington morganfreeman willsmith
go fuck yourself richie. we like it and it's not going anywhere
the idiocy of feminism.  they actually think microaggressions matter.  here's the proof:
"kevin didnt understand what hed done but he knew hed fucked up." bestof2016 by   marriage
st. mark's cathedral: 'we will name racism anti-semitism xenophobia as sins' - komo news
people spit on the face of god
sea shepherd suppoers are racist  seashepherd    antiracism
charles paladino's racist comments spark calls for resignation
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
in ufc pay: amanda nunes ( who was & still is the champ whopped ronda rousey but less of a payday -  $3 mil to $100k
allahsoil there is no correlation between the religion of islam and violence.
what does mtv have against whitepeople? ccot   via
welcome 2017  touches new heights
confessions of former  neo-confederate.  audiblechannels us history slavery  southern truth
man st.louis racist than a muthafucka. stlouis stl
allahsoil reagan convinced ksa to flood the market and drive oil prices to historic lows.
no-balls to 'own' his  ... 'coward'  ///
allahsoil enlightenment is wasted on the wilfully blind.        emiratis
boob naked assault
black women demonic porn
dear     would you please ask these shameless   give
allahsoil greenspans policies are now largely blamed for the mogage crisis.
"nigger?" lifelessons of a white kid who grew up in the 60's. blogpost  whitepeople respect
council staff have been instructed by the anc to go slow and make the da look bad. this was exposed a few weeks ago.
potus is attempting to sabotage or country in his final days israel obamacare isis energy russia
read and understand how  berniebros chose sanders over hillary
now that's not nice we're urging president-elect  to denounce  through his twitter acct
would you want your child to attend this school? i wouldn't. radical  indoctrination
b4 sm we didnt hear this latent  every single day..
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
trump brexit based on misconceptions about race and nationality says renowned philosopher | cbc radio
allahsoil police kill a substantially larger number of whites every year than they do blacks.   rac
the bears rapacious hunger for oil also sealed it is doom.   allahsoil  teambts
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
i really should have gotten more credit for this one.  maga trump quotes quote  potus news media
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
new video   whitepeople  kanyewest racewarchess   wanna see the worst sh
and in a not so stunning response plan to nominate muslimbrotherhood member  to lead their  pay.
holiday fun socially relevant podcast celebrates '70 bewitched xmas ep
notmypresident not ever misogynistic  traitor theresistance putinsbitch
goodes  bolt  it's not the job of those who are disadvantaged by white privilege to calmly educate white people abou
pt 2 fuckdonaldtrump 13thdocumentary 2017  .that's your bitch ass president
allows   &   bigots race-baiter slaveowner work for your station. acceptable? fired
great to see quebec is establishing a provincial inquiry into systemic  &  towards indigenous ppls
buffalo newyork : trump ally carl paladino slammed for  wish list for obamas. what a cockwomble  usa
i fought against both sides of the argument yesterday:
in the news: from racism to resource development here are the political stories inuit watched in 2016
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you?   retweet tampa miami
ufc champ amandanunes gets $200k for beating  rondarousey who got $3 million   is sophisticated
allahsoil the cold war was fought over oil.   teambts teamsuperjunior
oops i did it again melted another fragile snowflake  sad soreloser heed triggerwarning
someone find this man  stopracism
girls in the world nude yong girl
boycotting fathersday because it's blatantly . many sistersofcolour don't know who their father is so please
classy
it is people like you whom they've come up with the terms for like  terrorists and assholes
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
motherhood...unscripted new post: happy new year  seriously.  2016 celebritydeath trump misogyny  hate
. my girlfriend used uber without forcing language preferences so you are reading my data and making  ux choices
retweet like and comment white woman goes on  rant against two hispanic women ... on
proved my point-. and i hardly think teen vogue classifies as fake news. you just don't like her opinion
will send you to the trump inauguration~ join today
if i was a black female & not white  pornisforlosers would be shut down for  govegan
more evidence of the impoance of  in the brexit vote
- "happy new year" says the  fascist with his pennyloafer on the neck of the usa. notrump nokkk
total asssss...worst mistake ever...lord help us all... ass pos
so this girl walks into starbucks and refuses to let me serve her because i'm a white guy? whoa hey there  and
allahsoil all lives matter.     emiratis 2016in4words
i noticed too. definitions  of bullying  and disabilities are trying to be changed so people don't hv to.
and being a ww i feel culpable 4 deeply entrenched systemic  that exists so i do all i can to dismantle
'cept she plays a celtic woman. celtic symbols and accent etc. but because she's bald character people assume she's a man.
adveisments naked fucking whores
boycott lying divisive nationalist foxnews add to your list    karma s
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
scary that it's not that long ago
insane crazy racist white woman reaction  paranormal- insane crazy insane  free classifieds ads
i feel triggered by your statement. me & my strawberry blonde locks are going to our safe space.
cuomo: paladino's 'racist ugly' comments on the obamas embarrass new yorkers  politics  c
good night sweet  on the 5th day of kwanzaa is nia which means purpose. our purpose in 2017 is to fight fascism
carriefisher was a feminist fighting  & ageism in hollywood with her pen her acting her talent & h
the latest the equality echo  thanks to    equality
are you hispanic & feel  the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
absolutely disgusting
if you say the nazi's said that hatred  & bigotry can be found with extremists of all faiths
it is about time whiteman calls  an gets results
worst customer service in the united states already repoed 2 the better business bureau
allahsoil greenspans monetary policies equated to declining real wages for workers
no the neighbor has not been arrested. the cop was more interested in the kid littering than the assault of the ki
the latest the  daily  thanks to     catalunya
techjunkiejh:'alt-right' site plans a 'fake black person' twitter campaign  socialmedia
dear democrats  djt not allowing islamicradicals  2 use america's freedoms 2 destroy are freedoms is not  or islamopho
blacklivesmatter that's why bilal called the adhan on the kaaba   always existed hamza yusuf that was not nice
allahsoil the temptation to blame everything on a scapegoat is too strong to resist.
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
"most boys can use a drill..." really?  :-)
leave a 'gweh' below  if in 2017 you will no longer debate wypipo about  slaver
the cowboys racist. i'm convince fooh. my nigga got 12 wins and why'all gon swap him for the white boy who ain't did shit.
my santaproject is to not shop at  as long as they suppo trump brands. hate  ivanka macys
black women free kerala girls sex photos
can "whites only immigration" make america great again?  via  jarodtaylor  asslicker
our 4 most popular post this year was  brilliant take on whiteprivilege:
great  country: australia and israel : australian opkillingbaythecove  shabbatshalom
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm >15
content: abuse pedophilia stalking harassment gaslighting ableism  threats suicide nsfw self harm
what's humiliating is that our great country will have an ignorant tacky lying president notmypresidenttheresista
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm ~11
this is what trumps ny campaign chair had to say about the sitting president of the united states and the first la
drsuess moonman  offensive kkk funny comedy laughing out loud edgy dankmemes memes (vine by 9/11 did bush)
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
barack obama gets real about the  he faced in office  via
most likely the us is deploying because we're  and interfering with the genocide within africa stop killing eac
are  hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
plz sign  japan  bullying tweet4taiji
is trump what the lds church stands for? who knew?  adultery misogyny bigotry  incest pedophilia ra
i'm trying so hard to make your handwritten indirect pretty and you tweet shit like this. shut up
. . maga .  silence is approval.  we always knew what  pigs you
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
allahsoil not all muslims hate america.     emiratis 2016in4words _
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
are you black & feel like  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
i say it was just as good as thekingsspeech but it won't win an oscar
this is what shitler is referring to when he ignorantly shouts maga & his racist sheep sta bleating
here's  being a racist troll. would love for you to spread the word
megaupload porn link  porn video
so yes..you think brown skinned people can't think for themselves eh
no you don't. did you not single out a race ?
allahsoil to say that all muslims hate america is to suggest theyre all the same.    emirat
indianapolis colts black cheerleader hugs boy who used  slur. so. much. class
easy.  you're a  and a bigot
trump ally carl paladino said first lady should go live in a cave with a gorilla   prick
nazis continue to target jews businesses in whitefish  jewish christians  montana na
your  ignorance whiteprivilege and whitefragility is egregious. don't dare speak 4 'rest of canada'.
someone should feed you grenades you stupid fuck   shit
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
are you black & feel like the  are on you? listen  retweet tampa miami newyork
says fatty. dumb black people think they can smell   laughing out loud
white  "social justice warriors" _ getting it wrong again.  via  voterid maga p2 rnc dnc vote
and don't forget that per megyn kelly of fauxnews jesus & santa are also white. religion
this white crowd turned it is back on an all-black basketball team at a high school game. trump
why'all  is global. we just may have to lose before folks understand.
dear leftistlunatics change a few words and tell me how your aicle isn't ? you people are sick.
surprise adam saleh is a   ( )
porn video smoking porn fetish
says a president elect that calls americans enemies  hateful ignorant
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
the white flight of derek black  kkk trump  change
outraged by the emoji update. how dare they have a fat woman and not a fat man are they saying only women can get fat? s
the waiter was black himself.for fuck sakesstop looking for fucking  under every rock.
no joking matter officers fired for joke about target practice in black neighborhoods  via
dear    please give us a multi-racial & objective list to prove you are not  in your selection
hitler called...
dull british .
reagan convinced ksa to flood the market and drive oil prices to historic lows.   allahsoil  teambts  cnn
and you will hear kurds are free and equal citizens. like state's mouthpiece 'journo'  claimed.
stop bullying. stop racism. everyone can stand up to it and say it's wrong and treat everyone with respect. everydayheroes  bully
i am so done with  delta airlines and their  rude disrespectful comments & actions neverdelta
sick of liberals thinking it's ok to dictate where they think israeli jews should be allowed to live including in isr
allahsoil no one should be denied civil rights because of their religion.    emiratis 2016i
hamzayusuf apologists be like ... ris  jetlagged  doubletree by hilton london
many toy adves are  and show 'narrow and limiting' genderstereotypes study warns  via
netanyahuspeech stirs anti-jewish hate &  on twitter from progressives
because many of us find obama's policies repugnant does not make us  you're liberal rac
what over-rode journalists' integrity was greed and ambition along with a total absence of courage.
crazed woman 'launched sick attack on muslim cab driver over 7 fare' | islamaphobia
the latest the indigenous and remote daily  thanks to    justjustice
8 presidents same policy on israeli settlements but only obama is slammed as a treacherous anti-semite.
we need more aicles like this from  on positive narratives against .
is restricted duty like a straght jacket and padded room? if not we should look into that.blacklivesmatter
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
trump ally wishes mad cow disease death for obama unfittobeinpublicoffice ugly reprehensible
no immigration for 50 years? white nationalist leader unloads 5 of his most horrifying hopes for america
will the alt-right promote a new kind of  genetics?  mt
washington post editorial: calling racism by it is name - salt lake tribune
woh reading. "here's how joseph boyden reinforced systemic oppression of first nations"    vi
you're a .  disgusting.
supermariorun is ? please stop this "offended culture" madness firstworldproblems
i agree but hard to believe he does given his strident opposition to ordination of women. womensordination
you forgot democrate because vetting people from terrorist countries is .dumb
we the people originally meant we the white landholding males.       2016in4words
sadly those you call your enemies are the majority of americans.  fascist putinspuppet
the ironies inherent in my experiences living & working in qatar. discrimination
- please stop calling yourself "canada's iconic dept store." nothing "iconic" about suppoing
smoke out the old year and new year at the same time marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
small brains...just close eyes...vote for lunatics    kkk breitba altright
can everyone please pound on  for this  misogynist comment on merrychristmas about a great law
how about a qualifications trc professor bozzoli?   highereducation southafrica
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
black judge quietly removed from philandocastile shooting trial with little explanation  newswithed
no we're not
president jimmy caer leaving his religion due to
christmas eve? what about christmas adam? this is  towards men  down with feminism
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
waitingf  wildest cutest creature on the eah takuyakimura with girls in highfashion brand
bookreview lovecraft country  4 stars  as horror appropriate also funny mattruff
"green book" "sundown towns" route66 guide a reminder of  that faced travellers under us segregation
that is . are you racist?
a&e scraps controversial kkk series  tv cable disney boycott
10 hours of walking in nyc as a woman    newyork women men bigots
racist  austin police ofc cameron staff cameronstaff camstaff officerstaff   acab cowardcops
far right in georgia showing euro values of .
because i've been paying attention for the past year/8 years. he's a
empress regnant a distant prospect for japan despite gender equality law  feminism  equality asia news
ark man discoved racist graffiti on his car after a quick errand  hoodiesup  blm
.    &lt;--- no more feeding at the public trough piggy. michelleobama
alt-right and euro-conservatism  trump
more marxist evil jew propoganda why is it jew controlled media has never and never will cite any non white grou
that isn't what you said when you tweeted about the nazi's over hatred  & bigotry
not surprised how "news" outlets call opposition to  race-mix ad . they hate racism though. i embrac
over the past 8 yrs despite demagoguery obstruction fear
you're such a hatred person  a narcissistic &  is who you are
not even trumps transition team wants to deal with carl paladinos  comments about the obamas - vanity fair
*free sticker - "stop sexism"*   stopsexism  womensrights women christmas trump
what2inlieuof narcissimmisogyny? tolerance kindness peace stop withhate. look inside you are love
re: your message of  hate - god loves all people.  is not just about color - it's about hate & you preach hate
everything wrong with america is embodied by  :  misogyny and a hostility to science blacksagainsttrump trump
black trump suppoer smacks down cnn repoer for race baiting  trump
i agree.
carl paladino needs to lose his school board seat. what a disgusting  pig
oh just fuuuuuuuuuuuuck right off
care about cjreform? follow me: i cover deathpenalty juvenilejustice bailreform prosecutorialmisconduct
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm +5
are you black & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet tampa miami
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm ~6
why are white people expats when the rest of us are immigrants?   classism imperialsm
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
newyear new prez. new destruction. new commercials. new new order new tweets. new poopin. new kids on the block. new america
stay the course losers never win  dinosaurs thefuture belongs to us nofear we will not go back inferioritycomplex
beyond fabulous smug  elitists get annihilated by voter i would myth video trump maga
islam against racism
over 12mill arrests/60mill police-civilian encounters per yr in us.shootingsaccidents"abuse" extremely rare-thous
trumps associates are a classy bunch.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner? putinschoice putinspuppet retweet
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
no jissus man why do pple wait for the festive period to upset others. rightfully we all should be outrage whene
don't bogard that joint my friend. marijuana unleashed now at ibooks.
marco rubio has no consideration close to now.  rwnj weirdo
statementdoubling down paladino to media:my comments in avoice were not   libcrib  hate mental
intrumpsamerica extending your hand & uniting merica is unprecedented  rapist egomaniac
libtard- "i can't believe she hate muslims and suppo trump. how can a black woman do that?" me  "because i'm not your damn slave"
the end of   me selfie  love messi cr7 religion christianity mecca_live
paladino ... what can i label him as ..that hasn't been said before? ... just shameful for a public servant to h
and sorry if we are ethnically cleansing you in east jerusalem or bethlehem but hey.
nothing. that would be .  taharrush taharrushgamea rapeugee
"rambling about: the alt right"  blacktwitter tcot tlot altright   bcot  blacklivesmatter
the latest the afl tattler  thanks to     afghanistan
ain't hip trendy. it scalds it aches it is chronic & chokes like smog. ever present but no sees it. it is a
my family's horrible  attack at thegreenpalmcottage in plettenburgbay westerncape thyini thiza we want t
how did women fair in 2016?
white: good  dark: bad  it is a twisted version of  thatmakes india racist against it is own people
in my previous job every white person's response to  was doing the mannequinchallenge & that's including ceo & mgt
just pre-ordered this. it sounds a really great book
heard ris2016 clip. see quoted tweet. props to  exposing those views out of  & challenging
vs whites is unabated in obamanation because how can there be such a thing with "killer cops" &
if they say their comments are just a joke or smth it will be just their opinion? i don't think so. it's a .
tory pay = capitalist;  labour pay = socialist;  green pay = environmentalist;  liberal pay = coalitionist; ukip = .
it's 2016      would you question hillary like that considering her age condition & fact
jonjo shelvey = the only man ever to racially abuse someone without saying anything kickitout shelvey
amateur spanking vids  against women in the workplace
people wait for 10 hrs karachi airpo miss connecting flights  put them on flights 24 hrs late
book - enduring conviction: fred korematsu & his quest for justice  humanrights ht
coming from  and powerhungrytraitors. the hereticfoundation
stop calling   i've met him. bbc is more  than he. he's got big work ahead.
thank you sara for the unforgettable response to  and appalling comments by the heabroken "doctor"
2017 a new beginning getting rid of this nationdivider good riddance pos
lame duck and lame dick
irritations like new-ghostbusters haters indisputably are intrusively indecent imitations.  misogynist whiners
anybody who says  against men doesn't exist hasn't tried to buy disney/looney toons-themed scrubs in men's sizes/cuts.
best think i've ever heard about nicola sturgeon. so it can't be true.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
i'm guessing a shiless man doesn't objectify himself by being shiless but a shiless woman is?
the white flight of derek black  kkk trump  change
1/2 we're told over & over that voterid laws are  stillwithher liberal democrats need to wakeup & reali
how can sainsburys have no red stripe??
al capone was jailed for tax evasion not murders he committed. what is  's achilles heel? unpresidented nohate
psa: in the age of information the true ethnicity of biblical people has caused an overlap of  and
not surprised how "news" outlets call opposition to  race-mix ad . they hate racism though. i embrace it. ad is sickening-
oh my god what is up with the use of the word "broad?" and if people don't agree withyou they're "triggered??
what if michelle obama had done this?
great aicle of truth about trc needs. comments back up why it's needed.  indignenous - via
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm >10
and you will hear kurds are free and equal citizens. like state's mouthpiece 'journo'  claimed.
does hollywood present  as a stereotype? solidarity onelove
allahsoil the bears rapacious hunger for oil also sealed it is doom.    teambts
a&e paid kkk to fabricate stories to push the producers narrative  cancel
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     trump
sign that i checked a bag at iah. every. single. time.
why did the unitednations resolve that zionism is a form of
trophy. i have always been one. by   "educate yourself"   saturdayblogshare
so sick of all the pre-programmed hillbots rhetoric enough already how about unity patriotism and love for fe
jeff sessions omits decades of records for his ag confirmation hearing  you can't hide
white girl has sex with black guy nude newzeeland porns
you'd think blacklivesmatter would be protesting plannedparenthood 24/7 but it doesn't fit their  ideology.
porn videos iran fucking girles
so much stupid in these  black on white posts
black girl porn teen virgin sex pictures
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
coming from an ultra  pos like  surprise surprise     maga usa at least they can play golf
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
oh my god these trump suppoers are deplorable dumptrump notmypresident deplorable
theresistance notmypresident russiagate votersuppression   tyranny the 1% want us to fight and p
you should take action against your filthy plantation location manager. what a disgraceful pos  boycott
... how would you promote ... hitting on women ... condoning assault ...  & terrorism ... wars and
white girl has sex with black guy sexest women nude
because trump is a fascist & a   bigot misogynist  sexualpredator all proven
incredible content    beforesex
democrats are the 1st to tell   jokes
it's there it's  although i'm told that andrew jackson was  and cantankerous also
it's no surprise that trump's chosen administration is a mere basket of racists. though hillary is a liar but
allahsoil islamophobia only serves to empower the extremists.    emiratis 2016in4words
emmastone is speaking out about  in hollywood. they'll steal her jokes and given them to men movies
almost as  as dad 5wordtrumplethinskin
leave a 'gweh' below  if in 2017 you will no longer debate wypipo about  slavery or
todays  donkey zionazis are proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call
so what are you saying blacks = criminals?   blm teamd
is trump what the lds church stands for? who knew?  adultery misogyny bigotry  incest pedophilia rape
fear is the root of racism. mostly fear of your ego having to acknowledge another human being is no worse or better
i guess they'll go back to just yelling  again.
israel   this is  and the rape of land that is not theirs at all  freedom for palestine
$2.99 2016release ebook book  the summer that melted everything: a novel by tiffany mcdaniel  via
stop ating my fathers son
hey guys apparently white and black people are even for that whole slavery thing so that's nice.  history
don't think it's awarded for bigotry  or being being a self centred dick
3 miami officers fired over target practice 'jokes' policebrutality  newswithed
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
back to open  misogyny bigotry childlabor
you are disgusting and you need to be released into the wild and die of mad cow disease.
porn videos sexy latinas vids
male privilege huh? yeah about that... tcot  feminism men
allahsoil the knee-jerk reaction is to assume that it must have been isis.
sex videos fucking cross
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
i dare to speak for the rest of canada be/c no one else dares be/c of this massive racist bullying anyone gets for
"trump won because politicalcorrectness has gone too far."  you know what you never heard? "obama won because  has gone too far."
spoty perhaps the murrayhaters would be happier if murray was a bit more like gazza? what a hero drunk wifebeater
thanks to you the next four years are forecasted to be the worst. i hope your  fascist plans for 2017fail
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
seems it is escaped your attention that bashing whites isn't winning you any elections - over 1200 dem seats lost 08-
whitegenocide  bigot telling white students they don't deserve to live is the reason  won't die
are you black & feel like the  are on you? listen  retweet tampa miami newyork
i am disgusted watching  defend her career & intelligence to  so informing the future gen is laughable?  ..
becoming ugly  mt   patriarchy feminist feminism
right wings members back to fp  gegenrechts nostrache fp noafd nopegida  populism nonazis aufstehn
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
fucking nude nerd girls naked
adl = hate  the raison d'etre of the adl has always been to incite  as a means to usher in jewworldorder tyranny.
koreans & joseon people in japan will abuse the  for claims of own rights by rough demo.  anacoes
explain your actions. netanyahu you  can not claim discrimination when you do it yourself to others.
. you are a disgusting wohless  pig of a human being...assuming you are human.  go play in traffic.
now ask yourself if you really want to follow   i'm done.
you can still be .
we might be going to hell but we're not surprised at versace
i'm blessedt iconic lovebeingalegend
your comment =  5- donation for tefugeeswelcome   sucks
i'm constantly let down by the lack of fat male role models especially in emojis.
some interesting aicles  education
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
no? or perhaps paladino is feeling some "economic anxiety"
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
i do . my father had a great one and now my brother  following him and yeah i married to this awesome gu
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
research:  and  played greatest role in 2016election by
adam saleh is a racist adamsaleh is
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
this is really telling.   microaggressions race whiteprivilege antiblackness
realitycheck: policing in america from a cop  audiblechannels policebrutality   socialjustice
video lithuania  lisa likes cuckold write now    followme
trumpusa when they call us   homophobic misogynist they are really saying the
trump is a cuck   nazi swastika ebay trump donaldtrump republicans kkk whitepower
multiple types of racism in america  us america
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
todays  donkey zionazis are proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call
allahsoil riyadh is renowned for some of the deadliest traffic in the world.       2016in4words
white people black people brown people  good & evil is not a color race  blog
carlpaladino "forever loyal to the city of buffalo"  you have a real class act there buffalo.
farmer beaten during a land invasion crisis  loteni area  via  southafrica crime fa
why does the government allow  behaviour?
treasonoustrump trumpleaks trump misogynisttrump  frnds  and now this
are they also free to marry who they like and live where they like? no. apaheid  fascism
allahsoil american taxpayers have also lost their homes by the millions     2016in4words
koreans & joseon people in japan will abuse the  for claims of own rights by rough demo.  aberdeen
is still rooted in our society's attitude towards black women's hair. read more from candide uyanze:
mediamisogyny russian interference  crosschecking/voter suppression & outdated system doesn't reflect us
when they call us   homophobic  misogynist  they are really saying that they are jealous of us. when we go up they go down.
don't forget the women who are misogynists
montana says no to racism  whitefish montana nazis  christmas hanukkah richardspencer andrewanglin
tyruswong bambi aist thwaed by   didnt want his children 'constrained by lines laid down by others'
and the teapay biher trump movement
"vandals turned a jewish family's menorah into a swastika"  antisemitism  hate
share i never been thoughj experience  & i never looked at caucasians any differently ~ watch this
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
america is great without you assholes.  xenophobia and lockerroomtalk aren't what maga notmypresident
i don't appreciate being "randomly" selected by tsa at the airpo this morning. surly is because i was profiled.
don't let the door hit you on your way out. sorry ass mofo.  youdisgustme kickrocks don't come back your white dumbass
allahsoil uae hosts the most innovative architecture in the world.
meet the wilmington peacekeepers they walk in beauty. cnv week of actions peace povey  climate
if you get us into a war you better send your boys uday & qusay first you're an idiot and a fool sad traitor
commercial showing inter-racial couple attacked by  amerikkka suppoers
video men and women malay hot super sexy girls
we the people originally meant we the white landholding males.       2016in4words
wew i only know they are diff couples when i look at the guys.
must be said: trump voters are guilty of normalizing . which is a form of racism. morality is a not a moveable fea
melania trump is helping me write a speech to end  in the us. the title she came up with is great - i have
prison officers goaded muslim inmates until they needed to be restrained as pa of a  game
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
'tis the season: trump newyork co-chair makes  'gorilla' remark about michelleobama - carl paladino  disgraceful
when you can't stop saved  letstalkabout thepoliticalmillennial  class education feminism  politics
everyone blamed black/brown communities for crack; who's to blame here? doublestandard  drugs
black hair comes in different styles  in slavery colonialism and in policing. colonialism  slavery tie
no such thing as the lgbt community. the most  & islamophobia i've experienced has been from white gay men.
tyler perry says backlash over his tlc show is 'reverse racism' - new york daily news
allahsoil the term jihad is a highly-contested concept.      teambts teamsuperjunior
vandals turn a jewish familys home menorah into a swastika |   bigotry newswithed
don't forget  - research shows that sexist men have psychological problems. tuckercarlson
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     marketing
did  keep colinpowell and condoleezzarice from being secretaryofstate? words not to use in 2017 . jumpedthesh
ha good riddance blacklivesmatter
i do not advocate a kumbaya world. like anti-semitism  should motivate us to a single purpose:  intellectual competitiveness
you're defending a woman against "condescension" who was in turn defending a woman that was verbally assailed in f
anyone has a right 2 question foreign parentage. mccain was questioned and accused by democrats.
allahsoil like all religion islam is a strong unifying force.     teambts
saw a vid where some dude spoke arabic on his cell on delta & got thrown off these 2 idiots are screaming
in pueorico environmental injustice and  inflame protests over coal ash:   ty
"these are times of grave dangerwith dissent recast as treason  unchained and intolerance on the march"&it
allahsoil clintons invisible hand job championed by conservatives on the right.
thought factory: bbc neutrality on right wing fascism  politics media blm brexit trump leadership +4
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
did someone say antisemetic ? gee ((( you're a bit triggered eh?
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
the revolution occurredjust not how marx expected it to.    teambts teamsuperjunior
are you hispanic & feel like the  are  on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
racism won't cease. white priviledge must be beast. god help us through this.   melanin poetry write
seems it is escaped your attention that bashing whites isn't winning you any elections - over 1200 dem seats lost 08-
thank you comrade  is it erica avenue? i am making a stop at  to find out why she does not hire indian domestics
a white-skinned woman's unfair experience of  in india  via
it's clear that we're having a crisis of compassion in this country. so what do we do about it? read
will you allow the  to defile the  church with misogyny adultery rape  bigotry
the biopolitics of desire and neo-nazi fashion icons    eugenics
jeffsessions thinks we won't notice as he redacts decades of ove  in his application for ag confirmation.
jeffsessions is  bigoted and notfit for the job.
every lactation consultant i've ever met has been a woman. hello?
all men are created equal and if we dont believe itmaybe we should stop saying it - hube humphrey  bigotry
trump real estate buddy carl paladino wishes obama dead of mad cow disease in 2017
trump's allies are unstoppable  obama  via  christmaseve
this guy look like his brother is  who's first wife found him withanother man having sex documented on  a  tv
allahsoil riyadh is renowned for some of the deadliest traffic in the world.
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner? putinschoice putinspuppet retweet
if you are hispanic black asian a non-racist white other minority don't serve in military while  in power
allahsoil the term jihad is a highly-contested concept.      teambts teamsuperjunior
over-excited man is attacked by cat while opening  present  that cat repping trump yo
millennials shocked by  hillary quotes think theyre from trump
trump ny co-chair: i want obama to die of mad cow disease and michelle to "go back to being a male"   trump
share 6 steps you can take to stop a racist attack or intervene with a berating bully   via
are you hispanic & feel  the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
that's why progressives are d most  & bigot people of all. only self-hating lazy racists would l
oops carlpaladino didn't mean to publicly post  comments...  via
i know who my real niggers are. all fake niggers & uppity niggers get deleted. life's too sho for bs raceplay
victim of islamophobia adam saleh refers to black people as "abeed" (slaves) in one of his sketches.
'alt-right' site plans a 'fake black person' twitter campaign  socialmedia
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
"..a broader phenomenon: the reemergence of race science in american intellectual discourse"   cityjournal
there is no safe place for blacks in this country because of people like you bitter
are you hispanic .. feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
i know. ref. to malevote & womenvote is  profiling as ref. to blackvote/hispanicvote . accepting
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
azealia banksjimmy mcmillanjames david manning... usa clinton trump  o
1. lmfao. no. non-white people can be bigots and prejudiced but  is a 'system of oppressi
comment on  reveals once more the disgusting reality of  and stupidity in  circle trump
hey carl paladino looks like "you're fired"
then what is it?
white fragility: why it is so hard to talk to white people about :
i agree that hrc wouldnt have won the popularvote witho ca. much in same way trump wouldnt win witho the
is good place to sta learning abt how one person can be a  & bigot mtvwhiteguys
hey  - a $14000 ivanka bracelet? do you feel good profiting from xenophobia? misogyny? hatred?
if i cud  this 1000x i wud. blackonblack   ris2016 antiblackness dogwhistle blacklives
instagram's bestfeature when you don't want to read stupid  childish rude comments
msnbc cnn amjoy joe biden: 'i want to thank' trump for unmasking america's
congressman  hangs this picture nations capitol. he should volunteer to be hu
allahsoil the problem is that theres no space for alternative explanations.   emiratis 201
kkk+blm = same nazi scum from hitlerjugend different color of skin but same leftist & =dem ideology
this stupid idea that trump is a fascist and  and will destroy the usa has gone too far obama is a terrorist
if you are pa of the 64.2 mil who rejected putinschoice boycott? his business.  & hatred must be stoppe
fuck donald trump he will never be my president opkkk optrump  illegitimate oligarch plutocrat  shill
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
'  the 14th amendment  blm discussed here thanks     '
she resigned today from the "chaer" school. texas  justicereform
tbt:  +  young women  +  - relevant read for all women in journalism
a giant version of the flag of rebellion sedition and  flapping in virginia on i-95n
the italian fascist carlpaladino needs a lobotomy in 2017 that"s my wish. perhaps then he"ll realize yes carl you are a bigot &
put on your big girl panties pandy asses
america isn't racist. their are a plethora of reasons for someone not to like obama. you're ignorant in many fashio
ag pick jeff sessions scrubs racism from record...even tho he once argued this is a felony trumpsamerica
has happened far too often
allahsoil one infamous maneuver has affectionately been baptized the saudi sweep
nope still struggling to see either  or  in that observation.
everytime i wear soccer shis joie fries me and says i look mexican as fuck
holiday fun socially relevant podcast celebrates '70 bewitched xmas ep
why are white people expats when the rest of us are immigrants? socialclass money  privilege
8 presidents same policy on israeli settlements but only obama is slammed as a treacherous anti-semite.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet boricua
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami newyork losangeles
carlpaladino made  vile remarks about presidentobama & micheleobama | trump and his deplorables must go
israel   this is  and the rape of land that is not theirs at all  freedom for palestine
remark is racist even if only uttered to his wife. carlpaladino should not be involved with anything to do with education
carl paladino is a former trump campaign official. unpresidented  trump
snatch that wig off james brown head & get her out
it's time to end  now. "days of our lives (live)" shyan selah cafenoirproject
cutsie logic but wrong. if you know construction you can build bridges and walls give trump a chance hate is for
allahsoil the cold war was fought over oil.   teambts teamsuperjunior
italians weren't coming from a country were women were stoned and they didn't entered illegally. pro-immigrant be
yup. i concur. as do nearly 3 million voters.
the 4th remake of hi-5 doesn't have the token asian chick.    carolsbycandlelight
thoughts on female fighters 'dolled up' in  promotions?
.  welcome to 2016 looks like 2017 is going to be as full of batshit dumb sjws as 2016.   dumb notracist
texas man kills latina stepmom for celebrating cowboys win  newswithed
black genius v white supremacy are you missing the action? the freemasons being taught a lesson about .
this nonsensical hate-filled word-salad withbe funny if it weren't so sad....   bigotry notmypresident
listen to  discuss why boys engage in sexualbullying   harassment
theresistance notmypresident not ever treason  narcissist  gaslighting
jeffsessions omits decades of records for his ag confirmation hearing  'don't do as i do'
putin & netanyahou have been talking on the phone.  what's the  thug obama think about that...  oh who
allahsoil we think of cultures as separate and distinct from one another.
aleppo orlando  syria  trump  war berlinattack   inequality   bagdad  nice  paris  there is nothing to celebrate. getreal
donald  - putin's butt buddy and a commie.
if you're gonna steal my shit at least have the common couesy to steal it right.
blacklivesmatters lanasprayberry another  in a position of authority has got to go blacktwitter
don't miss this: miriam herschlag's blog: haim yavin my ass  via   journalism
"racism in muslim societies" by dr. eren tasar of   teaching islam sblaar16
please resign from the  school board.
newyearseve factophobia ale with people in 2017 whose use following words: islamophobia  feminism culturalenrichment
disgrace  ashamed that this person is a fellow newyorker
seems like  "canadianvalues" are ignoring reality dividing & weakening hate & . science cdnpoli
if you are one of the 64.2 mil americans who rejected   bigotry & hatred fly your flag half mast on jan.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
want a lesson in  and hypocrisy? imagine if obama had 5 kids by 3 different women and bragged about grabbing pussies donaldtrump
racist schools are teaching students that "whiteness is a problem"
this should have been enough 2 just say no notmypres what the fuck2016 neverump unpresidented bigot
what the fuck    propaganda  rant by  inveed aussie flag withmuslim cresc
islam against racism - press tv
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
obama/jarretts who agenda was to destroy everything good about this country and inflict even bit of hate
good morning bud and breakfast? marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
please retweet this is an impoant issue that needs to be discussed. nojustice  loserpizza
today 1000 s   pornstars
pay porn free video  jokes about women
trump trumps love trump donaldduck sweetpotato bigotry  mustfall rachelmaddow rhashtags epitomeofsorrow defineepitome
when i asked the sales assistants if they heard they quickly copped out...hmm i wouldn't be surprised they said
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet boricua
wow  was a real  at times back in the day on smackdown unitedstateschampion uschampion sdlive great more illegal talk
2016 is still alive  black man is forced into coffin by white south africans
please retweet video that sparks outrage: white officer arrested black mother after littering argument
are you hispanic &  like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
mud radio2 songwords showmeyoureawoman  oh my god anyone listened to the words to this seventies classic signofthetimes
more insults. get off my tl you jew hating  piece of shit
racism at home and anti- advice for others: we're good at both.
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
uk 2016 expressed as a photo euref brexit
why do you have to take the king to win chess? why not the queen???  downwiththetriarchy thefutureisfemale
freedownload a peek of nyc  here:  then come back to holier than moi??
virginia kkk leader: we're not racist we're just misunderstood christians trumpracist  trumpconaist
msg of hope for newyear: a business to end . endof2016 tedtalks tedatibm
this video was censored by youtube  for "hate speech"  enjoy maga  everythingisracist triggered
kicking off about robbiewilliams acting slutty on bbc. littlemix do it every time and no one bats a lid.  against men ;)
priyankachopra was subjected to  and she fought back hard  hollywood   quantico   bollywood
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
most  country argues over different shades of black
great speech war veteran  iraq war profit  military invasion
who's that ugly"lady"?
new video  super mario run is sexist  christmas ivankatrump manspreading
that's harsh  even in these post brexit  xenophobia   times.  what next a charity called send the bugg
black dad puts  baby mama on blast after he takes their biracial daughter to get braids
racists never ceased to rant in 2016
joemixon espn minnesotavikings and it "goes without saying" he's a homophobe too.  sucklahoma oab
allahsoil the term jihad is a highly-contested concept.      teambts teamsuperjunior
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
hidden  in america is as rampant as blatant racism.
as if reel are letting girls in first and there's a massive queue for guys
smileyong along with kingconrad  make me go through hell
marijuana prohibition was  from the sta  detroit mi atlanta tennessee alabama georgia florida utah
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
allahsoil neoliberalism prioritized money and oil over pretty much everything else.
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm +12
the latest the zurich times
if a "negro" is good he is allowed to go to heaven as a servant for all eternity according to mormonism. mormonis
a giant version of the flag of rebellion sedition and  flapping in virginia on i-95n
bout to play  the game laughing out loud
shocker. soros funded causes no matter how  are ok but criticism of leftard policies hypocrisy is not ok.
anti-islamist rally organiser neilerikson shown laughing at death footage  auspol rwnj tinfoilhat
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
why is it illegal to show topless photos of women but legal to write  comments? stopracism facebook
black and brown women being intersectional means we see the bus before we get thrown under it.  whitefeminism
cleveland police union overwhelmingly endorses trump for president  cleveland kkk klan love trump  ohio
what's the difference between a jew and a pizza?  a pizza doesn't scream in the oven.  jokes jewishjoke
koreans & joseon people in japan will abuse the  for claims of own rights by rough demo.
axed from cbc2017 after  comments .....celebrity?? who is she?
carlpaladino a**hole extraordinaire.  this guy is a trump hero of course gop  fascismo wishes obama de
auspol race  "culture wars" by other means
is defunding aboion and sending you to the inauguration
now you wanna mock my country be/c you have no pt. libtards are the most s of allb/c "it's not  if
school board seeks to oust member for  jabs at obama...
a victim can not victimise the oppressor... we have no economic power so no black people can't be racist
australia and japanese whaling      opkillingbaythecove  boycottaustralia
rise up today is out  stories of police brutality from    police
fucking di bag notmypresident fucktrump sexualpredator  liar incompitent orange delusional divider moron
intercourse video men and women japanese armpit hairly nude picture
republican trump buddy who's rabid racist can't figure out what's wrong withsaying violently hateful things.
wow blackpeople in harlem are worried bout whitepeople and latinos moving in if that was reversed it would be called
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  +9
salt lake tech workers experience least racism survey says - deseret news
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
police being horribly hyper-violent in their raids...  acab
one powerful picture. it takes great humanity and kindness to save the life of someone who hates your existence
bustyescos  haha really great
it's time to end  now. "days of our lives (live)" shyan selah cafenoirproject
allahsoil not all westerners are islamophobes.     emiratis 2016in4words
here is some metrics for yeah cowboy  now stop fakenews  hate fear nonsens
my boss fired me due to alleged . i told him i hated everyone. honestly how much more committed to equality does he want me to be?
fuck donald trump he will never be my president opkkk optrump  illegitimate oligarch plutocrat  shill
i would hope so. i can't imagine anyone educated who isn't actively  or utterly amoral voting for treasonoustrump though.
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
content: abuse pedophilia stalking harassment gaslighting ableism  threats suicide nsfw self harm rape incest
true wife sex stories  chick gets fucked
realitycheck: policing in america from a cop  audiblechannels policebrutality   socialjus
this is our time to fightback against evil men such at donaldtrump and his  homophobic and ego peacein2017
arc 5 week class on  & education mon 6:30 pm $70 sliding scale.  cambma harvardsq justice workshop
ohhhh. so people really do think that because you are in an interracial relationship &/or have childrenofcolor you opt out of ?
from racism to resource development here are the political stories inuit watched in 2016
yup. i concur. as do nearly 3 million voters.
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on ? listen  retweet tampa miami
jessica want christmas bdsm         cam
terry bradshaw & george karl: at very least insensitive remarks at most racist. re: melo and mike tomlin. trump emboldened?
newyearseve skynews presenter to asian woman in edinburgh: "what brings you here?" asian woman: "i live here."
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
fascism doesn't arrive doing a nazi salut.but in a sharp suit altright  richardspencer trumpism dkpol
i almost always trust brazilians
not to sound  but  has her looks to fall back on unlike nunes. good luck 2 both
here's a collection of our coverage of women-related issues  womensissues gender equality
are you black & feel like  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
the uk governments new anti-semitism definition conflates  with valid criticism of israel | opendemocracy
president jimmy caer leaving his religion due to
there is only one requirement for the job of the us president: being male stillwithher hillaryclinton neverump
pa 2 of trumps tweets: after his " coulda won if i wanted 2" now using putin to project his anger because we hate him
i thought she had 72 assistants. gladshesgone  nohope
based on recent commercials from state farm and old navy omarosa's choice is clearly .
it impossible to be  and hateful of someones skin color or social status or gender and believe in god
reject  news  amwriting southafrica politics libearian
is whiter than kevin federline
racism at home and anti- advice for others: we're good at both.
silveragatka: had to screenshot & share these snaps from michaelacoel it's an impoant message.  colou
priyankachopra was subjected to  and she fought back hard  hollywood   quantico   bollywood
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm >6
the latest the eu tweet daily  thanks to   healthy
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
allahsoil hitler fought the battle for noh africa over access to oil.       teambts
that's because hate  bigotry and greed is the new religion  makeamericagreatagain trump goppropaganda
i wish you & your family a very happynewyear let's work together to remove povey xenophobia  genderinequality from the world
sexy cora porn  black girl porn
if you are hispanic black asian a non-racist white other minority don't serve in military while  in power cnn msnbc retweet
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
sad that there is so much hatred towards jews in eu & xians in me. remember xians of kenya nigeria
most recent criminal negligence by authorities in health & detention staff caused death of msdhu & faisal. .
is verizon being  or what? having the men's moto 360 on sale  and not the women's  poweothewomen
i hate you with all of my being. corruption bankrupt  buttholemouth  whiteprivelage daddygavemeamillion
are you hispanic & feel like the  are  on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
black upenn freshmen added to racist social media account with daily lynching calendar
is this what your university stands for?  hate ignorance stupidity lies mdcollege?
hot new release swiftly sharpens the fang  radicalisation revenge  preorder 99c/
why would i take down my avitar??  why are you projecting hate n  ??
no joke i'm tired of celebrities acting like i'm threatened by them leaving. also they're too  to move to mexico.
you see the driver & i we're talking about africans who speak english fluently but this moron who just got on thou
of course a person would have to be open to educating self about systemic /how they can be .
spos illustrated girls naked  sex videos
when you say you make mediocre videos you're being way to flattering.  why so  though?
allahsoil it is up to us as consumers to hold the media accountable    teambts  2016in
quotes about women kingfisher girls xxx
the main stream news media like  was busily covering a small hand  misogynist  to notice..
dear    please define systemicracism and economicapaheid  what do you and or da intend to do to add
ifyousawinyouwhatisee you would believe the accusations regarding your father
only a racist would segregate people like you do.
mixed race couples still face  in australia
the kind of  we can expect in trump amrica
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
wish i was black  i could have lots of feminists shut down for  & homophobia
you are invited you  can help.700+ actions for peace povey   sept 16-25
allahsoil like all religions islam can be a strong unifying force.    teambts teamsuperjunior
white girl has sex with black guy best world sex
so what. jewish kwanza jehovas witness. bigot
commercial showing inter-racial couple attacked by  amerikkka suppoers
this is how morgan freeman responded when asked 'how do solve racism?' morganfreeman  commonsense
so sick of all the pre-programmed hillbots rhetoric enough already how about unity patriotism and love for fe
just saying they would have let a guy fall to the ground and get wailed on for 10 seconds before calling the fight
lanasprayberry should be fired if she thinks choking a child and the wrongful arrest of the parent is acceptable.
cnn calls michigan middle school 'build the wall' chant '' tcot
save the date 1-4-2017 sourcenation live wed 8 thependulum  newshow  policebrutality
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
prolapsed pussy  and women
men don't think misogyny is an issue the way white people don't think  is an issue.  try listening instead
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
if you think about it you are the  one  we love
girls in the world natt chanapa nu sex fuck
it and expose me. do it.. you mean nothing to me. expose me as the racist you say i am. i am waiting.
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
this is the type of  trash trump and paladino attract. dumbfuck
keep these conversations going at school and home.  we need to create the space and time and commit to help them.
you mean this guy teammichaelpalage teamcancer
your fall is going to be a thing of wonder resist narcissist  psychopath  mysoginist  clown happynewyear2017
trump campaign official wants michelle obama to be let loose to live with african apes  notmypresident
2016 review by  shows church's response to immigration  politics & mercy.
oh my god triggered
people wait for 10 hrs  airpo miss connecting flights put them on flights 24 hrs later a
it's vital to address porn's influence when discussing  sexual abuse and demeaning language about women. ht
stop lying about keithellison's 11 years with an anti-semitic hate group  keithx dncchair antisemitism
homicides rose in most big cities this year - the wall street journal povey  inequity illegalguns
& the  democraticpay keeps telling me that blm but i see chicago detroit & every other innercity in america
ohio trump campaign chair kathy miller should have said "i didn't have to hear about  before obama.
it's already happening   has given russia more reasons to be jolly. hacking  fraud
ed op: not being 'a racist' isn't enough - here's why
allahsoil most deaths caused by islamic extremism occur in civil wars not terror attacks.     rac
laughing out loudol  not a leb either   cow
the racist truth about canadian immigration  cdnpoli lpc canpoli  canada
you lose ur right 2 call others "racist" after a tweet like this. what a hypocrite.  whitegenocide
you stupid  mf's who discredit white privilege; this is it dummies no texas law allows choking kids msnbc
with props jesus was not black nor was he white. those who promote the hateful  biggotry need to be called vile scum.
great  country: australia and israel : australian opkillingbayseashepherd  israelikpop kpopdance
jews christians and muslims all believe that good will prevail.   emiratis
1. black can't be racist 2. have seen how a white woman acts when she doesn't get her way? it's a perfect metaphor
sexist slant in media representation of women 'needs to change'  slant media representation women needs
reject  news  - my latest amwriting aicle on
a reson why so many muslims might be
says a president elect that calls americans enemies  hateful ignorant
thanks to all those  dead white dudes from europe.  ain't a nigga in da list. blm rapechucktodd
we live in a country where many think this first lady is less vulgar than a black first lady.  trump
the latest the cognizant blogger  thanks to    fostercare
this basically sums up what brexit means: britains  eurosceptic  xenophobic isolationist tribalism
you have no balls lumpy. my girl was spot on. lumpy tony says i am a . prove it lumpy. bwahahahahaha
so wonderful to see an intelligent woman stand her ground against a condescending  jerk
"all bodies are equal"  bodyimage body appearance women  nudity naked naturism beauty nudist
white nationalist leader reveals 5 of his most horrifying hopes for america  usa  haters
trump ally wishes mad cow disease death for obama - cnn  hatred insults
did you ever think we call him names because it's true? conman traitor draftdodger  coward
flashbackfriday racist democrats falsely accuse latina nominee & raid her business  just to embarrass gop prez who
after trump is the media normalizing the kkk? | alternet
the immature  is just trying to make a fool of    xenophobe immature moron
so had the right idea in how to deal with her nasty
in pueorico environmental injustice and  inflame protests over coal ash:   ty
carlpaladino's  comments about the obamas make him a late contender for the most loathsome character of 2016
so i guess that white women aren't to blame? how does that work again??    propaganda alllivesmatter
ouch woow   sexy
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
new law makes it acceptable to clip racist cab drivers round the ear:  satire
could it be that systemicracism is impossible? real acts of racism is easier to stand up to  ...unfounately you
in the case of the commonwealth of the internet vs  the evidence proved him guilty of antisemitism   and misogyny
stop this
you go girl maga
mtv went fullretard on  video nzpol auspol merkel retard for hispters mansplaining svpol theview
video shows white texas cop arresting black mother who repoed assault on her son   bla
why is comedy so ? because comedians are.
so when is the next klan meeting?
the pros and cons of marrying an irishman  oh my god a sexist aicle on men & can only add to ongoing irish
i repeat: very concept of blackvote hispanicvote womenvote malevote ( to only talk about womenvote?) e
fuck you you homophobic  misogynistic xenophobic whitesupremacist you may have fooled some but not the majority
: 2nites church service look  back of ur bible 4maps where biblical events took place. jesus & his disciples are people of color.
nick cannon speaks out against the systemic  of   via  alllivesmatter unbo
please repo him
just learned that there're men who find breast feeding repulsive. & some of those are fathers does that makes any sense whatsoever?
you either call me eyetalian joke on my nationality or african ape? you're not atheist.
your comments about  mrs. obama are offensive and fuher confirm that you are a racist jackass.  idiot
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
delta is under fire after youtube prankster is removed from a flight for speaking arabic
ending 2016 smoking reefers going crazy and listening to negro music. eat that mr anslinger. cannabis  swingtanzenverboten
awesome. black man gets kkk members to disavow by befriending them   blacklivesmatter
boys play sex  womens
opinion:  is rife in the lgbt community. gay people can't demand equality while discriminating themselves
you all look like 6-year-olds posting dictionary definitions of  & acting as if that proved some point.
porn videos free nude beach photo
tyler perry says backlash over his tlc show is 'reverse racism'
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
we might be going to hell but we're not surprised at versace
us msm barrackobama  trump vedic astrology predictions 2017 us president donald trump
because trump is a fascist & a   bigot misogynist  sexualpredator all proven by his words
f*** this   government that deliberately toures refugees. we just had a coronial inquest into hamid's death & busi
go fuck yo own  assholes  dumb mafuckas
"the reality is that the tech industry is made of regular-ass people." tech discrimination
why is 4 whores on ring of fire ?  misogyny
allahsoil most deaths caused by islamic extremism occur in civil wars not terror attacks.
remember this?  - camber sands deaths blamed on victims' 'culture' by council   rother
who breathes through a wave? maybe you need to. resilience
a dystopian tale of  radicalisation & revenge  preorder for 99c/99p
i work in the ellicottsquarebuilding in buffalo owned by  garbage person carlpaladino. here's where he li
the nc "monster law" made by republican lawmakers that disenfranchised black voters "with near surgical precision.
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
17 crazy things women couldn't do in 1960  complementarianism  complementarian
newyear 'wish list' of  cretin carlpaladinoelection co-chairman of presidentelect trump on mr&mrs
you areclueless buddy regarding long standing american policy. you comments are reflections of ignorance and
yeah he is a real winner  loser
woman gets shagged by black man adult riders
scrutinize savor & dispose unbelievable chosen headlines in 'revolution against racism: humanity'
how to defeat ugly prejudice. lgbt  life business
great aicle about finland whiteness  and equality
typical lying leftist that is slander of a grp  christians dont kill 4 christia
allahsoil the crusader west vs. islamic terrorism is a popular sequel to capitalism vs. communism.
us ambassador says zionism is form of  israelisettlements illegalisraelisettlements terrorism
f*** this   government that deliberately toures refugees. we just had a coronial inquest into hamid's death & business as usual
the major kind of  that people arent talking enough about  via  environmental
why did  kick  of the flight because he spoke arabic. boycottdelta
while neonazi and altright attack fellow americans with  and hate the real enemy laughs at our gates. putin
there is no way that this this... man should be allowed to become attorney general.  liar asshat
alabama victoria secret shoppers face racial discrimination (video) cwt...  via
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
chick gets fucked c thomas howell naked
antiwhite  new black panthers recently in milwaukee chant "free us or die cracker" & "f*ck the pigs"
allahsoil jews christians and muslims all believe that good will prevail. cnn bbc msnbc 2017in3words
who pulled his chain?? stoptalking you  sob  auspol
this guy is a lunatic. an angry....ignorant....and vicious man
fl woman screaming racial slurs aims guns laser pointer at black mcdonalds customer
silence betrays the innocent. activism hunger nofur animalrights noyulin eah wildlife vegan  lgbt
msnbc cnn amjoy joe biden: 'i want to thank' trump for unmasking america's
waitingf  wildest cutest takuyakimura in  highfashion brand cosmeticsbrand world_campaign ad &
2017 will be a wonderful year if you're a  craving an authoritarian hand
obama joins the jackals   ass america will miss obama when they realize trump will do nothing for them. trumpism generationkkk
preach blm  skywilliams preach
boob camron diaz naked pics
the real  and antisemites are  and the progressive minions not freedom loving americans
grows in the uk after brexit  buggeroffboris bregret ukip voteleave leaveeu
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
the latest the seattle daily  thanks to  seahawks
how is it that a man comes in last in a race but he is declared a winner? putinschoice putinspuppet retweet
will the alt-right promote a new kind of  genetics?  mt
. ends 2016 with a hopeful message against  in the music industry  via
many white americans actually believe there can be a chance for peace with a sexualpredator & altright  at the helm. moronsmatter
scapelliti:  woobietuesday: when you're blocked by a  troll because you promise to  blacklivesmatter &
(advanced value chain videos at  ) valuechain
after 8 yrs of endless lies contempt from a  left activist you realize with clarity he never came clean withus
nowe can see they have been instrumental in promoting false narrative & abetting divisive blm agenda.
so proud to have a mayor like  who isnt afraid to speak the truth..and yes he is completely right
charlespaladino's  comments spark calls for resignation
the feeling's not mutual you  ableism islamophobia  transphobia misogyny homophobia-enablin' bigot.
allahsoil jews christians and muslims all believe that good will prevail. cnn bbc msnbc 2017in3words
"black lives matter bml except for mine apparently". have the patience 2 watch this all the way through   jo
this's insane acts by koreans. they will trample national flag of other nation. it's clearly . rapeculture
ny cunt campaign co-chair unleashes on obamas in  2017 wish-list:   via  fucktrump
if you are going to call me a  then have the balls to put your own hashtag onto it.
everyone ask  why they endorse such blatant
free girls pic galery  girls fucked
cctv  appeal after horrific   attack in norrisgreen
i really don't think this is an exaggeration so i'll keep sharing every time it comes back around. trump vote =
allahsoil marx's revolution occurredjust not how he expected it to.     teambts
hey but the chinese are communists as well oh but they're not white that's right. i see. dumbingdownofamerica
save the date 1-4-2017 sourcenation live wed 8 thependulum  newshow  policebrutality
why does this get so low key of a play when trump's foolish request to change judges got wall to wall coverage?
essential reading by someone you should follow:
donkey zionazis proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call antisemtism
rebellion in the uk? when you dontbuythesun & all those rags that only spread tories propaganda fear hatred
note: i was just able to pop this zit on my neck that's been there for days. i've beensqueezing it for days.
"green book" "sundown towns" route66 guide a reminder of  that faced travellers under us segregation
lee atwater was caught n tape explains the "southern strategy" he was in reagan's cabinet  13th
ever notice how much scum trump hires ?
. just delete your account shallow  and go away.
what a stellar year it's been for
greed is killing our planet and the human race     extinction stopthewars
netanyahu has demonstrated  disrespect against obama for 8 yrs gop feigned outrage is full of excrement israel
where's the ? you need to reappraise your victimhood.
9:40pm sunday scumbag from southsudan(kot) playing mind games again blasting neighbors with music intermittently. racis
he's a  zionist. what did anyone expect?
libtard regressive=. can't effo a logic point without insults or slurs especially if refuted. that's wh
ag pick jeff sessions scrubs racism from record...even tho he once argued this is a felony trumpsamerica
what do you think of alexjones saying draintheswamp? populationcontrol  you had good videos with him. they got him.
i hope the guy won't say how come  only trump gets to speak his mind ..people enough with the pc already sarcasm
mma fans: losses don't matter mma fans on rr: she's lost twice she is trash. ufc207  doublestandards
on yeah prince charles - issued veiled warning over trump and return to 'dark days of 1930s'  princecharles
would be the best thing he has done yet
a&e pulls controversial reality show about the kkk after learning producers paid hate-group members  hate
theresistance resist . we must stand together with all of our brothers and sisters.
anc is quick to shit themselves over zille's comments as  but do noting about these black racists.
racist  austin police ofc cameron staff cameronstaff camstaff officerstaff   acab cowardcops
he's an unamerican . fact
racism in america: 'kill obama' and 'muslims not welcome here' signs in new mexico draw criticism -
of course liberals see  everywhere they are looking at the world through racist eyes.
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
bot kitazatoshibasaburo found tetanusimmunization with his colleague but kitazato didnot won nobelprize but colleague won  is white
this obviously  tcot gets on & inaspanof maybe allof two seconds after boarding - thinks he "knows" what
allahsoil american taxpayers have also lost their homes by the millions    2016in4words
listening to sam cooke in this ridiculously packed pavillion's to help keep me calm breathe procrastinate shitshow
obama has been the most destructive president in history & that is his legend. isis iran  copkiller syria  more
in a nutshell.
lesson from history choose carefully; main l. king / malcolm x :: reconciliation / vengeance blacklivesmatter  lg
are you hispanic &  like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
clickbait much? that is a really shitty headline  you should change it.
not every trump suppoer is a racist but every racist is a trump suppoer. this an irrefutable truism.  must never be tolerated.
allahsoil the more familiar we become the more difficult it is to stereotype. .
indeed typical  scumbag riding the trumphate machine sic.
relied on bankruptcy  protection to keep his ego up as a billionaire . used  xenopbobia
apparently taragon is not a "christmassy herb"
wow this is what blogging is about
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     marketing
you're running out of  hater bitches to whiteknight you
bjork wrote a powerful essay about  and we're applauding women
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm ~7
the end of   me selfie  love messi cr7 religion christianity mecca_live
can't believe no one has cottoned on to him saying his song was white christmas
joy to the world instead of terrorism hate  and wars.  waronchristmas spreadlovethischristmas love
nothing would be more dangerous than to give putinschoice the impression we accept  stopracism boycott?
fake activist %&$/
is this what your university stands for?  hate ignorance stupidity lies mdcollege?
preorder your copy of hot new dystopian swiftly sharpens the fang for just 99c 99p
just got done threatening my coworker to give me money and he says "black male is illegal" shaking my head  really
racial discrimination interacts with genetics impacts health among african americans   sdoh
boob marathi nude women
this  motherfucker needs to be in prison charles paladino's racist comments spark calls for resignation
when a facemask can run you the risk of looking unintentionally .  :/  moredun edinburgh
what do you expecttrump's father was a .that's why he won't denounce the kkk or racism.facinghis
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
no comment  in australia   opkillingbay seashepherd helpcovedolphins thecove  redcove
plz sign  japan  bullying tweet4taiji
well there's a surprise.... wonder how much that bit of research cost..
racial profiling by  in cologne. such disgusting...
. don't let the  and misogynist loosahs get you down; you are doing an incredible job as a journalist.
why men propose  &funny humour laughing out loud
hmmm...sounds familiar.       hasn't held a news co
are you so bitter because you're a minoritypresident who lost the people by 3 million?  maga impeachtrump
we were here before such a bridge appeared. your denial of indigenous first people is racism. ergo you are
happy white kwanzaa the holiday only african whitesupremacists celebrate. happykwanzaa happyholidays  merrychristmas
this is awful just slap on the face to americans hey my neighbor black just bought a $700000 house. we are so
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
cpcldr ~ before elxn42  enabled  mp's to make  statements. great alt-right work cpc. cdnpoli
trumps pick for attorney general is shadowed by race and history  wellduh sessions is
i thought this kind of comments were not allowed in twitter. someone is breaking the rules. usa maga
where on eah is pastor mmusimaimane? is he perhaps in prayer & meditation on how to respond with spin to this
cologne - keep going stupids keep commenting - already  30- donations for refugeeswelcome  sucks
needs to exit the political and journalism world. exit stage left.
calls for carlpaladino to step down but he won't because he knows that he can spew  with no consequences
smiling has a positive effect on racist and  first impressions -
i have had my i would checked by the police zero times in 8 months. of course this discrepancy has nothing to do i'm a wh
for perspective only: a refresher on  and whitesupremacy  resist
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
in america: 'kill obama' and muslims not welcome here' signs in new mexico draw criticism islamaphobia
josephjett "fatherhood: nor shall you engage in aberrant social behavior then call  that resultant disdain that is merely common
we were? maybe you are-but don't you dare demonize innocent infants born with white skin
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
so who do you think told those dictionaries what  is?
done.. good idea... repoed you for abusive content as a  troll
preorder live 99c/99p swiftly sharpens the fang  dystopian tale of
universityofwisconsinmadison offering problemofwhiteness course. if they're gonna be blatantly  why not? snowflakes orgasmic.
la la land is  here's an idea poc: make ur own films with only you in em quit bitching at whitey 4 being white
allahsoil most victims in islamic extremist attacks continue to be muslim.    emiratis 2016
i won't waste my time on some  sob that has to plaster color on his profile blm  bacon lettuce maters matter on 2 slices of bread
2016 is almost over so ... bunch darkest moviefone postholiday  nowthattheholidaysaredone news
video men and womenmalayalam ameture porn video
this  motherfucker needs to be in prison charles paladino's racist comments spark calls for resignation
the radicalism of woodrow wilsons racism  blacklivesmatter tcot  blacktwitter tlot
people want to promote their own genes & memes. this is natural and should not be seen as  or xenophobic. it is natural.
tremendous oppounity to move our country back 75 years into ove  misogyny and tax breaks for corps.
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat  h
& i designed a gender neutral jumpsuit to call out subtle remains of  involved in buttoning a shi :)
because we have been shuckinandjivin for the  democraticpay that only want our vote
putinplant your comments are reflections of ignorance and   traitorump endofthe world
why is obamalegacy only showing negative stuff??... i'm so confused.  obama potus donuldtrump
this will absolutely piss you off.  replacyclay maga
you are invited you  can help.700+ actions for peace povey   sept 16-25
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  >9
patriarchal misogynist  cult. christianity
i'm genuinely disappointed that a performer as great as  is judged in 2016 for having hair under he
bot one of the roots of  is whiteaustralianpolicy aus is garbage can of prisoners of uk manifestdestiny
this is sooooo  or may be just funny
how liberal democrats institutionalized white supremacy   uniteblue tcot maga naacp racis
your comment =  5- donation for refugeeswelcome   + fascists suck kissmyarse
smooth new year's eve marijuana unleashed at ibooks.
last  retro christmasadve for you this year and whilst i do love a good bit of tupperwear i do not want
sunbury pennsylvania :  fliers posted outside mosque  muslim usa
this is some serious bs jemele women can thrive outside the home
how the supremecou has made it impossible to challenge systemicracism  scotus  kaepernick stereotypes
allahsoil marx foretold that a revolution would one day sweep the globe       teambts
trump = biher  non stop election
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
yes because apparently being qualified for a job is dependent upon your ethnicity
donaldtrump : i can't wait nothing good of a  (racist) and misogynist ( misogynist) than see to the women like animals.
a nation should not be judged by how it treats it is highest citizens but it is lowest ones. nelsonmandela justice ra
against whites  damon sajnani damonsajnani teaches some really lame classes.
us why weneed empathy ageoftrump grassrootsaction citizenaction  citizenry publicpolicy socialjustice
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     maga
scrutinize savor & dispose unbelievable chosen headlines in 'revolution against racism: humanity'
i decided to become a feminist beginning 1/1/17. if any feminists are reading plz help to find educational materials.   feminism
gracemugabe is just as  as her husband. mugabe zimbabwe
wow really cool    hardcoresex
how's mars bar in  charging guys 5 for entry and girls 2? isn't that like modern sexism?  sham
trump new york co-chair won't resign despite racist remarks about obamas  politics obama  schools
and the teapay biher trump movement
the decision to perform for trump will forever stain mormon values.
this govt has a lot to answer they are very racist
hiv infection from oral sex  white girl has sex with black guy
blacksupremacist?  finally gets supremely called out on  maga  via
the latest the blicqer daily  thanks to     news
israelis invented  apaheid goyim is their word for
seriously got rejected by my  driver as soon as i got in the car because i'm white... wow  at it is finest
no joking matter officers fired for joke about target practice in black neighborhoods  via
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet boricua
by the time you get to saying notallmen you've already missed the point.  misogyny
give hope. dismantle systemic racism.  alliesforblacklives happyholidays blacklivesmatters dismantle
and again  - they are flight attendants  gender genderequity have a word with your journos
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
keep standing your ground. interview represents fakenews & blatant misrepresentation of valid statement
itstheendoftheworldand us msm has yet to honestly expose the deep rooted hatred towards barrackobama was based on  & so... trump
hey  you own hate . nobody comes close  fearmongering misogny scum
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
had to screenshot & share these snaps from  it's an impoant message.  colourism
trump official paladino makes crude obama remarks -
auspo;l hansen pauline muslims senate  chat with maria
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
wakemeupwhen the left stops being so hypocritical liberallogic
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  >2
dylann roof to face new competency hearing ignorancehate
so sorry
says who? your iq is so low you have 2stand on a highstool 2raise your iq. we both know blm is a
innocent but . 80snostalgia i'd love a gollybar said every irish kid ever.
the latest the merocrush daily  thanks to     media
hot girl sex games  white girl has sex with black guy
i say we because i'm speaking collectively. i've always known. 2016 showed a lot.  and white rage is still...
the time  women got physical with me at mcdonalds  equality garbagepailkids allgrownup assault yay
this moron is leading the us down a path that has so much potential to damage and destroy the world.
trump is nowhere close to genius at all. in fact his iq is in single digits.
if you are pa of the 64.2 mil who rejected putinschoice boycott? his business.  & hatred must be stoppe
hope to see none of you  inauguration wait i won't be watching the  idiot anyway mrminority boycott
. ends 2016 with a hopeful message against  in the music industry  via
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm ~14
scapelliti:  progresverebel: ha good riddance blacklivesmatter
uk 2016: where it fell to pop star  to do the job of the bbc euref brexit media
jeff sessions tries to delete decades of ....
despite a demoralizing 2016: may ur newyear2017 be  /  / classism -free and saga positive newyearseve
after 8 yrs of endless lies contempt from a  left activist you realize with clarity he never came clean withus
- special message for   it's not your land either .. trump  trumpsamerica day1
it's 2017. we're entering the trumpdarkzone trump  myoneresolution rockineve sexpredator sexualassult
what does mtv have against whitepeople? ccot   via
your comments are reflections of ignorance and .  = endofcivilization
allahsoil we should never equate culture with exclusive geographic boundaries      emiratis
msnbc cnn amjoy joe biden: 'i want to thank' trump for unmasking america's
arabs' :    islamofascist arabs
those replies.   is dead tho.
will send you to the trump inauguration~ join today
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
these kind of people need to be erased of eah''s surface -_-
not denial. resistance to normalizing hatred and  nofascist2017
let 2017 be that newyear where america chops down obesity ..knocks down  & prejudice pride..make a better & enjoyable lifestyle
you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
racism & fascism will not get you ratings a&e.  people will resist  every time.
watch this.  janeelliot blueeyesbrowneyes
jokes about women penis humping girl
this is a special kind of stupid. liberals have no basis in reality or in history.  must be a
whats the matter with noh carolina? from progressive to reactionary  fascism  lgbt
- i bet if the  hc was white he would have been fired years ago   facts
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
it is always a white christmas in my household  onlywhitechristmas
koreans & joseon people in japan will abuse the  for claims of own rights by rough demo.  algona
in bluntly  tweet cologne police  announces racial profiling at main station. wow
stop trying to find  where it isn't even happening airingofthegrievances
did you vote for this  animal trump's america: no fat chicks
-absurd your comments are reflections of ignorance and
dumbest most  video ever  whiteguys mtv  via
birmingham friends don't miss this special lecture on bonhoeffer and racism from bonhoeffer expe
how do you sleep at night? you are a terrible person you sir represent everything  wrong with our country. gfy
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
techjunkiejh:the daily show unpacks  against blackwomen and asianmen on datingapps
rebellion in the uk? when you dontbuythesun & all those rags that only spread tories propaganda fear hatred
arise sir mo farah. this is my country you islamophobic  immigrant hating chumps.
the everyday response to
michelle obama ape in heels case is just the beginning donaldtrump  america
that is  you liberals
i gotta hand it to you  keeping it pretty darn cool in the face of such blatant .
go take your anti  meds
trumpusa when they call us   homophobic misogynist they are really saying they are jealous of us w
if you're mad about  and their interracial couple tweet go fuck yourself. republicantrash  cracker whitepeople
he must think people are really stupid; otherwise why would he lie so blatantly?  should neve be tolerate
presidenttrump hopefully you will stop funding the  apaheid terrorist illegal state of israel and have them pay back $38billion
coming from  and powerhungrytraitors. the hereticfoundation
bama alabama is the most  st. in the south but as long as those ncaa dollars roll in you keep silent on
i've no problem with universities that teach against . but it's wrong to teach that all whites are
porn vids web free sex
japan abe govt oppress freedomofspeech than hatespeech or   nytimes guardian humanrightswatch iamnotabe anonymous rsf afp
"the reality is that the tech industry is made of regular-ass people." tech discrimination
brutality rules new year on manus  close manus auspol australia  refugeeswelcome noborders
ku klux klan originally an arm of the southern democratic pay to terrorize freed slaves and republicans who sympathized with them
the latest the african american turmoil  thanks to    blacktwitter
trumpusa they call you   homophobic misogynist  jealousy loser     "when we go up - they go down
cuomo: paladino's ' ugly' comments on the obamas embarrass new yorkers
are  hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua
will stop  ..so annoying
free porn thailand  white girl has sex with black guy
sexism may be harmful to men's mental health...men  woman
powerful women work for trump   racist sexist    never bash trump again.
you black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
realhousewives star sheree alleges her neighbors are  over pay permit  rhoa
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
storyville  "forever pure - football and  in jerusalem" on
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
sex postion picture  white girl has sex with black guy
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet boricua
watching white water
obama tells trump and the american people f**OK you before he leaves (but you can't say anything  )
crooked hillary clinton hates black people  hillary clinton black
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  ~13
to all of those who answer  replies to my youtube comments...you do not i repeat you do not know me when i'm angry goodluck
your iconic brand being associated with the trump brand is tarnishing your reputation.
michelle obama ape in heels case is just the beginning:: donaldtrump  america
no you're just supposed to be quiet and look pretty.
tell that jeffery beauregard  to quit foolin' around and come pick up his hood & sheets for saturda
imagine that  is finally ashamed enough of his past to try and hide it.  misogynist homophobe
'an unappetizing scam' :-) | women we need to throw off the  shackles of salad | food foodie |
what a  world. if a man took a dive like that people would say it was fixed. but be/c rondarousey is a woman this is expected.
this guy is a racist full of ignorance and hatred. bigot  ignorant
maybe he heard the messiah (since 1996) & decided he did not want to go to hell. zionists are not jews.  hebrews.
americans suppo these  zionist occupiers let's hope america wakes up to the plight of the palestinians
history won't forget how barack obama was treated  by   via   corruption
allahsoil bernanke bailed out wall street by dumping $600 billion into the largest banks.
allahsoil the cold war was fought over oil.    teambts teamsuperjunior
12/31.3 pres t? you're emperor sans clothes  neveoolate to stop hate  misogyny
...and your answer relates to d studying of hate groups kkk  because ..??? just don't think ur struggles relevant
outrageous racism from rother dc. hope the families sue 4 failing to follow advice for a life guard & causing the d
you go girl maga
in pueorico environmental injustice and  inflame protests over coal ash:   ty
watch one you.s. marine fearlessly take on violent angry  mob of pro-palestine protesters ...
please reconsider. to me you stand for the glitter of new york. after jan. 20 for misogyny  rape adultery incest hate
racism stuffed into skinny jeans with a hipster comb-over is just as bad as racism shrouded in a white hood altright =
what if rapists got the same advice women do?   rapeculture
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
worked with the worst congress in history  republicans
because you're a racist?
louisville kentucky woman goes on  rant at jcpenny   exposeracism ignorance
please repo this guy openly racist and reprehensible  whitesupremacist repo trump depl
pay of rich white  snobs  via  tcot tpc trump 2016
allahsoil we the people originally meant we the white landholding males.
bama total hypocrites can cheer like hell but remain silent on the confederateflag &  stance on
i have had my i would checked by the police zero times in 8 months. of course the discrepancy has "nothing" to do i'm a wh
racist troll ale in the great state of kentucky  listen to last thurs crabs  comedy politics election
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
i've had these experiences in europe as an american.  is alive and unwell.
gop cons who voted for nazi fascist dictator trump are just scared little bullies who
but carlpalidino can vomit a monster truckload of shit about the usa firstfamily and they don't jail him for hatecrime ?  pigs
and his racism could fuel the power needed to light everyones christmas lights in the uk. leejasper
no convo on how to stop indigenous deaths means anything unless it stas with how we face into epidemic  against atsi
so true
top stories from   featuring    christmas
travelled for canucks game sad and disappointed of oiler fans the  sad i can't cheer for my own team .
for some reason the  story on snapchat seems always geared towards women.
ouch woow   sexy
all together this christmas: pls  & follow  national day of action on 20 feb against  & the
meet the  white nationalist movements favorite russian philosopher aleksandr dugin
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
plz sign  japan  bullying tweet4taiji
you forgot russia since been betrayed by   trump and this has never happened be 4 putin will soon slit his throat.
are you black & feel like the  are on you? listen  retweet tampa miami newyork
now comes with a taxwriteoff as four whitenationalist groups are given nonprofitstatus
you me too
stlouis still needs help.  thinks he's survived. we need to get him out of office asap. ferguson
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm +14
i will suspend my funding of you.s. gov until  sexualpredator resigns
hot lesbian having sex  office woman
paul beloy:  is still an issue at varying levels in belgian football
video:  on hateful  liberals "america has had enough of this crap"
again  looks like a damned fool for 50 years the usa has openly opposed settlement buliding by israel
antics are purposedly used by liberals to divide us wakeupamericaca
"the blacks"? "the blacks"? "blacks"? *facepalm* *shaking my head*
it is truly sad. a who lot of working class men resent being offered help by a woman. evolution still has a lot of
the legacy of a   crony. vote passes calling for  to resign or get the boot
will you stop the   homophobe etc labeling.  i suppo trump and i am none of the above.  60minutes what the fuck
when someone says 'i'm not a racist but......'.
everyone ask  why they endorse such blatant
why do we have listen to a woman who goes to church but kills thousands. fascist  brexit l
that's how you got in . by being an australian doing shitty things .
book - german colonialism in a global age  ht  imperialism blm
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
josephjett "i do not advocate a kumbaya world. like anti-semitism  should motivate us to a single purpose:  intellectual compet
allahsoil wwi & wwii were both waged over oil.       teambts teamsuperjunior
will you charge 35% on yur own products made outside the usa? do tell  hypocrisy trumplies bigot nazi
arabs all of them preying on poor slavelabor
my latest post: the masses  some kinda monster:  democracy
"new"  paladino loving eggs like this shit head are out bitching about obama. block early block often.  spam
the inter-terrestrial scifi sciencefiction on kindleunlimited   99cents in january 2017 kindle
anc has complained that the pap is to white according to their affirmativeaction bee quotas  law
are we entering a new age of ? a repoer reflects on the hate crime beat
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on ? listen  retweet tampa miami
i despise this  antiamerican muslimpos  & everything he stands for trying to destroy the usa
why are white people expats when the rest are immigrants?  ?
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you?   retweet tampa miami
this respect concept was thrown out of the window when skinheads white supremacists & kkk heeded
blackface prostitutes hatespeech: a brief history of the mummersparade behaving badly'  xenophobia
rapeculture rape patriarchy  oprollredroll steubenville anonymous cnn ma'likrichmond trentmays
trump's hair is no mystery & he may be  but he's not averse to appropriating a few tips from black women.
allahsoil when the market crashed in march 2000 greenspan cut interest rates even more
liz treacy  condone ex-councillor mark hackett's islamophobia  for me
hows stuff like this still happening in the 21st century? what was the point of the civil rights movement if people
"tackling systemic racism and our biases through empathy" read:    sdgs  edchat
naked woman mo fo sex
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
dear media when someone is born here they are what you call "australians" even when they do shitty things.  whitepriv
this is one of those proudtobeanamerican moments on hannity  responds to  semi-retarded
retweeted baycat (  msg of hope for newyear: a business to end . endof2016 tedtalks tedatibm...
"his" dad ? did you just assume gender ?
empowerment of  by trump is absolutely scary. this cud slip to dangerous levels. look 4 legislative attacks on
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
well said  staywoke
great tedtalks by  on storytelling and  nye16
i love you dude
how are you  trump suppoers gonna make america great again with all that hate in your hea.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
(advanced value chain videos at  ) valuechain
allahsoil enlightenment is wasted on the wilfully blind.        emiratis 2016in4words
4 whitepeople? all 2 cou. no media coverage. or wp were victims and feared for their lives. maybe probation. blackperson. who???
there's never any room for  in a school board. ever. kids at these schools are 100% of our future.
neogaf today another  attack the japanese and chinese claims to not be racist
2:30pmet: uk youth parliament on democracy & . listen on our free app:
have you joined the pizza pay? we're talking pizzagate starwarsrogueone the altright and .
she didn't get far cbb model axed  already
obama/jarretts who agenda was to destroy everything good about this country and inflict even bit of hate
are you just takin' the piss now or
perfect timing for this tweet  staup
are you hispanic & feel like the  are  on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
it is truly sad. a who lot of working class men resent being offered help by a woman. evolution still has a lot of
what the fuck  what is racism then?  would he have done same with a white mother? proof that there is a group that is
what you should know about environmental .
nothing humorous about your jibes you arrogant   trump official paladino under fire over crude obama remarks -
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
once a dick always a dick   corrupttrump sexoffender  notmyprez taxevader
seriously? can't believe this in 2016 trump ally wishes mad cow disease death for obama - cnn crazy
allahsoil islamic extremism kills tens of thousands of people every year.    teambts
funny  can't get rid of 7   1stammendment. so many distractions and lousy qb. maybe next year probab
thank you   santa   for the best christmas present ever cdnpoli abpoli yyc yeg canada ottawa
trump ally carl paladino slammed for ' wish list for obamas - nbc news
own team up with new mc  & show what phillysuppophilly & combat
the latest "say what??"  thanks to  culturesways
cover reveal  swiftly sharpens the fang  radicalisation & revenge
by the way fuck blm and fuck that bitch which is real . any simpleton can figure that one out.
they are but anc  laws against whites protects blacks in southafrica. affirmativeaction
rise up today is out  stories of police brutality from
come on n wake the eff up usa this is craziness. does it all stem from  n hatred of obama ? it seems like
racism is now front and center in trumpworld. these kkk folk are now out in the open. kkk trumpworld
why should this person be rehired?  shame on claycountydevelopmentcorp pamelaramseytaylor
hard to think how  is still very much prevalent in so many societies. if you're not white rest assured disc
a genealogy of  xenophobia papalbull colonisation slavery  enlightenment polygeny pseudoscience
bill you're a fucking communist antiamerican unpatriotic  disgrace take your  ass to russia...
last  retro christmasadve for you this year and whilst i do love a good bit of tupperwear i do not want
a deeper look
2016highlights samwu fights against  in various municipalities such as in naboomspruit area
scientists are against  but only if the child is less than 18 months old...
this definitive history of racist ideas should be required reading  ushistory afamhist
um why a girl and not a boy? or maybe just gender neutral teenager.
sex videos of chinese  against women in the workplace
and stop crying "bhakt bhakt" when you are cornered with no rational answer to offer. trust me read a book it will
approx. 63 million voted for the tinyfingeredpuppet but over 74 million voted against him. he has no mandate & con
alapoet: if  pisses you off like it pisses me off here's something you oughta know... this guy's a racist
given the nazis looked to jim crow for inspiration this is especially true regarding what to expect from
sad how people feel they have to treat others like scum just because of their religion race sexuality ect. jcpenney are
mma fans: losses don't matter it's great mma fans about rhonda rousey: she's lost twice she is trash.  doublestandards
look at his latest tweet. this conman  doesn't want unity at all. bigot  conman
just terming people as bhakt because they denounce terrorism and anti national acts shows ur sense to reason never mi
be careful using that term about  and other -s - once you tweet it they are almost
what about black tea?
mmusimaimane is a  coward who suggests that only white people in southafrica can be s. da
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
... and biherism &  . must keep the black president in check.
damning video: racist hillary says ' i will only talk to white people'  hillary
imwithher blacklivesmatter  bigot xenophobia socialjustice notmypresident & any other stupid lib word  wo
if you are pa of the 64.2 mil who rejected putinschoice boycott? his business.  & hatred must be stoppe
fine ill boycott it
office woman porn blue tube
i'm mixed with native american spanish irish and you call me
a animation by rima regas blog42
blackface prostitutes hatespeech: a brief history of the mummersparade behaving badly'  xenophobia
thank you the power of social media    aande
israeli regime has roots in racism  gaza palestine israel bds
(advanced value chain videos at  ) valuechain
24hrs passed & i'm still too angry about this  to coherently talk about it.
do you hate  ? putinspuppet loves attention. on january...
a good man or woman is measured by stable relationships with opposite sex. not money parenting homosex  cliches or semantics 2017
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami newyork losangeles
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
are you hispanic & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet boricua
trump new york co-chair makes racist 'gorilla' remark about michelle obama &lt; you total tool fucking moron.  ht
probably a not so closeted  who'd have been posing witha black man not long ago.  ..nuff said..
keep up the opposition to   endthenation
fakenews and a .  must feel good.
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
excellent idea dig deep & hang 'em high treason aidingenemies fraud coverups benghazi extoion17
you want to call me a  so i am helping you spread that word since you don't have the balls to do it yourself.
is defunding aboion and sending you to the inauguration
i will not buy or dl a   book in 2017 after their deal with whitenationalist miloyiannopoulos  wh
your analysis of  & blacklivesmatter was totally out of touch & did not represent the spirit of islam. ris2016
on the nose: perfumer sparks  furore
haha wow.  is a  for using the n-word & the equivalent of it in arabic "abd" which means slave:
thought factory: left-right polarisation trump uselections2016 leadership politics  brexit blm ~12
today's  donkey zionazi who is proud of murdering real palestinian semitic children - that is what i call
is buddhist: burmese  has nothing to do with buddhism period. rohingyas
the latest eco news of the day  thanks to   indigenous
irony: butthucreepers : sexism aicle because they think it's pro-rapist. it's not you misogynists malevote htt
are  black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
allahsoil all war is violent (except perhaps in thailand).         teambts
just got done threatening my coworker to give me money and he says "black male is illegal" shaking my head  really
transsexy naked  boob
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
how's mars bar in  charging guys 5 for entry and girls 2? isn't that like modern sexism?  shame charges unfair
naked fat girls russian sexy girls dating
nobdy wants 2 kiss lying conaist   homophobic islamaphobic russianhack nomandate traitor
'the mummersparade by it is very dna is a largely-unrepentant  affair that has no business existing'
a message of hope for newyear. building a business to end  storytelling endof2016 tedtalks tedatibm
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
hot off the press the nikita news is out  bestoftheweek
allahsoil stones and humans are different but to gravity theres no difference.
destroyed in one minute janeelliot
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
mother daughter blowjob  white girl has sex with black guy
by the way gandhi was a . in india  adores him (witho
impoant message to all. publicserviceannouncement psa inspirechange embraceyourself bedifferent dream
anothr bloated  jerodtwin colluder angrygaymafia koolaid guzzling hasbeen failure flushed
allahsoil this simplistic worldview exists today in the 10 second soundbite. .     emiratis
liz treacy  condone ex-councillor mark hackett's islamophobia  for me
donald  - putin's butt buddy and a commie.
precisely why the deplorables are up in arms
mmusimaimane is more  towards whites than zuma and malema combined. da southafrica
only a whitesupremacist like  could merge images like this without understanding the racist impact of the effect.
book - german colonialism in a global age  ht  imperialism blm
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
'  the 14th amendment  blm discussed here thanks     '
assholes like you should shut up. every rape which is prevented is a victory for humanity. you are a sh
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
newyear 'wish list' of  cretin carlpaladinoelection co-chairman of presidentelect trump on mr&mrs
allahsoil why build walls when there are already so many other obstacles to overcome?
conormcgregor runs his mouth endlessly like rondarousey. both have lost. and yet people only take glee in her losing.  perhaps?
because many of us find obama's policies repugnant does not make us  you're liberal racecard has exhausted
isn't it time we realized what we've done:  hate exploitation read america's history
must be heabreaking for blacks within  to find they're helpless against
verified: shocking video of myanmar police touring rohingya civilians was shot at koetankauk on nov 5 2016.
milo yiannopoulos.is a hate mongering .  i'll never buy another book from nazi ss and tossing any i have in the bin
jews christians and muslims all believe that good will prevail.   emiratis
racist attack on three muslim women in hull city centre...  for more info:   muslims
names for women best nude blonde teenagers
and i never mentioned race nor could i care yet the bitch called me david duke so in my opinion she's a
just pre-ordered this. it sounds a really great book
why are white people expats when the rest of us are immigrants?   classism imperialsm
jeffsessions omits decades of records for his ag confirmation hearing   no surprise from this  weasel
princess eugenie caught up in 'racism' row over white actors playing chinese pas
goodonedean  metoo laughing out loud.  trumpism is putinism.  donaldtrump is a traitor committed treason.
next to a police vehicle this anc  can hang a poster and sing kill all whites and nothing happens to him.
mark levin reveals missing history of the  democratic pay that...  via
in uk's increased because gb politicians have impo immigrants from  infidel childabuse cultures for coffee backhanders
misogony and  are a spectrum. if you voted for   you are on it.
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
allahsoil islamophobia only serves to empower the extremists.     emiratis 2016in4words
kevin macdonald:  ethnocentrism is normal and rational     race ethnocentrism
is this the kind of tweet you want a company rep sending out?
trump newyork co-chair  'gorilla' comment about michelleobama 'damn asians'  draintheswamp
please america  timwise lecture - colorblind  via  trendolizer  historicalamnesia
history america true progress
what millennials think about :
this should have been enough 2 just say no notmypres what the fuck2016 neverump unpresidented bigot  ...
here's what ignorance &  looks like. it ain't all swastikas & burning crosses...
you're not very sma if you think i hate all "white males." i hate racism and sexism. that's it. grow a brain right wingers  p2
crackers? isn't that a little racist? i mean i'm white but think the kkk should burn in h
trump is guilty of treason   we theresistance must resist   hate  naked raygun treason
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
we're also not upset we lost because we won by any measure other than a  useless appendix of government tha
finally action   catdjt theresistance  notmypresident impeachtrump
white supremacy is not a joke (i agree) but lying 2 wmn 2 get laid is woh joking about? line of thought by
i live in nyc and don't see a lot of ove racism. i was disappointed to see how much there is on twitter.  must never be tolerated
it's going to be a great year i can't wait till this happens :) treason traitorump liar
video men and women in bed without clothes candid videos sexting
.  unbelievable  aicle tip: it's never ok to tell someone they cannot procreate m or f
is this your relation? yeah... that's a right... i see you all as the same
need a black page3 girl to shut down nomore page3 for  as well as homophobia page3 bringbackpage3 2017
let's do this  maga thanksjackasses packyourshitobama 2a trumptrain tcot
dearfellowwhitepeople in 2017 let's all realize that you don't have 2 wear a white hood & swastika tattoo 2 be  are sa
i am not shopping at  until they purge all trump products. who do they think canadians are?
video men and women in bed without clothes nude mother son sex
why can not we run this thug  fool agitator out of stl?
your comments are reflections of ignorance and
word factory: race denial prevents healing southafrica leadership transformation inequality  +5
us ambassador says zionism is form of  israelisettlements illegalisraelisettlements terrorism
couldn't have said this any better nor truthfully  donny boy.   theresistance traitor
stop legitimizing by using "alt-right" & call them what they are: neonazis "..from nazi doctrine incl ultranationalism ..."
the uk government's new 'anti-semitism' definition conflates racism with valid criticism of israel - open
attack her chinguas~
prank dad home slapcam black  waiting bastard offensive memes meme by offensivememes69
he's shown us over & over who he is bigly believe him traitor fraud liar sociopath rapist
excellent analysis >> this  backlash against refugees is the real crisis in europe | apostolis fotiadis
spread the word & join millions for national day of healing jan. 17 2017  trht
fair & lovely effect...
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
fo woh pastors say officer's acts in viral video arrests were racist
after being a victim of a  hatecrime (i was called a cr*cker) i now truly understand what it feels like to be
intolerant post-brexit britain: history shows we can be better than this | hugh muir   hatecrime uk society
a business against  | by villy wang | tedinstitute
in queue with basket of food shopping 50's guy says "give us a smile". think my response was a first by the look on his face.
suspected henrico vandal's mother: 'my son isn't ' - dec 31  9:46 pm et
why can't women be defenders if they want?
jokeoftheday 1pun   what does the tornado and black people have in common?  it only takes 1 to ruin the neighborhood.
my age gender or race should not define my capabilities in 2016.   ageism
another  comment on social media idiot
i have the ssnaddresshome network info and billing info but you still have to speak to my husband.  failure
are you black & feel like the  are stomping  you? listen  retweet tampa miami
girls in the world jgirl sex
obama & biden are the most antiwhite  president & vp in history. trump
and playground insults have always reflected family / society rhetoric on homosexuality
wellthese sewer rats don't take a cent from me....i don't use to watch "football"......but nowi hate it
explain your actions. netanyahu you  can not claim discrimination when you do it yourself to others.
can sniff out subtle  & the ignorant in a nano second even if it is an underlying flippant comment towards someone else.. aware
you forgot: small hands orange skin weird hair big teeth sociopath insanity misogynist  bigot
yeah man fuck feminism
buffalo school districts boots trump ally over racist comments. birdsofafeather  resist  :
pre-crime in germany of all places did they make them wear badges ?
burbank california : cou rejects city's appeal in  discrimination case against armenian policeman  usa
this diagram explains trump's response to orlando     rip theresistance resistance resist  maga
us neonazis are antisemitic: emboldened by trump "win". gop
a  campaign co-chair answers a few questions... trump
southsudan provoking neighbours again with noise. the scumbag that says - he can do what ever he wants. uncivilised  trash. haters
allahsoil many politicians claim that jihad is an attack against humanity        teambts
racial differences are biological reality same as rottweilers vs.  chihuahuas. iq>95 should understand.
black men and black women with stockholm syndrome
ever noticed the word  to a non black person and the word nigger to a black person yields almost the same reaction?
allahsoil not all westerners are islamophobes.    emiratis 2016in4words
the major kind of  that people arent talking enough about  via  environmental justice
that's why
all of you need to stop being racist and just let the terrorists kill you. sarcasm    trumptrain
mcconnell obstruction goes all the way back to when he discovered obama was black
good afternoon sweety  send me letter
we the people originally meant we the white landholding males.       2016in4words
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
michelle obama is on the crack pipe
meanwhile german police can also not be distinguished from neo nazi scene anymore in terms of terminology nafris
andysessions attorneygeneral  from alabama trump staing a racewar will we let him? chaos fear weaponry
stop trying to find  where it isn't even happening airingofthegrievances
allahsoil bernanke bailed out wall street by dumping $600 billion into the largest banks.
anti racist white murdered by blacks in south africa whitegenocide southafrica
the kind of  we can expect in trump amrica
oh yes and this rude nasty behavior  brought out into main stream  nevermypresident
why? please explain to us why we're "bad."
hello there my love  i will be glad to see you here
are you hispanic &  like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet boricua miami
beware  in marketing tainting messages
nude teen play  for women in spo
you black & feel like the  are stomping on you? listen  retweet tampa miami
in bluntly  language cologne police  here announces racial profiling at main station.
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
vestal newyork : pupil suing school district after alleged  classroom incident  usa
time to grabyourwallet  & boycott  who gives book deal to  troll banned by twitter
"the blacks"? "the blacks"? "blacks"? *facepalm* *shaking my head*
wife crashes her own funeral horrifying her husband who had ordered her killed; community turns against her
can math help defeat ? math literacy adultedu  -
the *diversity officer* states (among other things) killallwhitemen; yet because she's an "ethnic minority woman"
leave a 'gweh' below  if in 2017 you will no longer debate wypipo about  slaver
jeffsessions  attorneygeneral  from alabama trump staing a racewar will we let him? chaos fear weaponry
i'm always amazed at the number of excellent black athletes that want to play at racist schools in racist states. ncaa
by the way gandhi was a . in india  adores him (without following him).
that is why  is systemic rather than just humanity being human. it is power and reinforced each minute
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
strangely silent on the idiotic  'statement' by  not surprised. twonitwittrumpsuppoers
perpetuates   a&e changes title of kkk documentary amid criticism
why do we have listen to a woman who goes to church but kills thousands. fascist  brexit liar murderer
nosurprise  performing  trumpinauguration mormonism has  & polygamist roots; kin to adultery. moneyovermorals
chomsky: israeli apaheid much worse than south africa   israel internationallaw occupation  bds
woman in cou on racism charge
agreed.. the same is true for  and .. they are overused terms and as a result are fast becoming meaningless..
let me tell you a story about  and videogames. specifically marvel super heroes vs. streetfighter.
.   so please stop go away & take ur ugly skank  with you. pussygrabber
allahsoil not all muslims are islamic extremists (very very few are).    emiratis
billionaire chair of trump says he hopes obama dies and michelle goes back to being a male ape in africa.  usa usa2017 meltingpot
new video shows how  this guy  and how he staed to abuse and humiliated an muslim guy
trump ny co-chair makes racist remarks about michelle obama  p2 p21 fyi  tcot
agreed.. the same is true for  and .. they are overused terms and as a result are fast becomin
happyholidays and try not to be a  this christmaseve :-d
judge lets  rapist johnrkhoward wlk aftr the rape of a special needs blk teen. ddnt wnt tht on his record wud nevr work n reverse
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
is still rooted in our society's attitude towards black women's hair. read more from candide uyanze:
homicides rose in most big cities this year - the wall street journal povey  inequity illegalguns
he may be correct. i just can't pay attention to a communist .
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
just like  waronwomen & guncontrol  need russia to be the bad guy as an excuse for their bad ideology tlot p2
we need to  these universities from indoctrinating our children turning them to idiots & snowflakes &
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you?   retweet tampa miami
history will not be kind to those who enable the corruption  and misogny of  and his emb
allahsoil people around the world are afraid. the world is primed to react.     emiratis 2
the real jeff sessions.   neverump swampmonster
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
popefrancis called out  xenophobic trump so why would  catholicchurch suppo
awesome. black man gets kkk members to disavow by befriending them   blacklivesmatter
laughing out loud these pasty cakes telling the rockette to quit be/c of her choice  not to suppo your  asshat president is pure comedy. weirdos
allahsoil theres no such thing as an average christian or muslim or jew.
like msian opposition and their claim that bangladeshis voted for bn. no evidence yet people believe it anyway
boycotttigerwoods. stop normalizing   antisemite bigot
zionism is a form of
allahsoil there have been three stages of empire: imperialism colonialism and neocolonialism.
a drunk lady falls on a heater in pubfriction & an my indian friend is trying to help but he is being thrown out.  houston midtown
is this the real aungsansuukyi?  rohingya genocide persecution  asean burma myanmar rape humanrights htt
icymi yesterday -  this is what one peh venue offers for nye enteainment rapeculture    vaw    "some... ht
there is only one requirement for the job of the us president: being male stillwithher hillaryclinton neverump
the term  works both ways for those of you all too happy to keep bandying it about justsaying
bruh  &  are nothing new... that whole deltaairlines debacle would've went down
is  trafficking in ?  & his "for profit" use of the word nigger to sell music
katiesikphoto is proud to present thesexismproject team    feminism
allahsoil culture is like the horizonalways in view but never in reach.
i am just waiting for somebody other than you to call me a . i don't see anybody doing it.
the alt-right movement is like:  mustfall
prince charles offers a "danger will robinson" he ain't wrong. trump fascism
patriotwatch: 3.42 nooltham 2  eltham refugees auspol   asylumseekers rwnj
is not a problem in america today.  dumbism is.  dumb is an equal oppounity killer of dreams.
you anti-whites brag about our "inevitable brown future" then scream "" when we oppose it. you're pushing whitegenocide.
sure sunderland isn't alone.  incidents in sunderland more than double after brexit vote
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
he isnt attracted to asian women. sends me a pic of a korean woman and says they all look the same passing it off a
oops carl paladino didn't mean to publicly post racist comments...    blm youngturks
those opposed to  negligence hatred injustice climatecrimes ecocide will let trump OK
book - enduring conviction: fred korematsu & his quest for justice  humanrights ht
sex top 10 porn video
ignorant  pamelaramseytaylorpraised by cretin beverlywhalingreinstated to her job at state&federal funde
isn't it time we realized what we've done:  hate exploitation read america's history
no as you have termed him an outsider who gave you that right? i only said  is more indian than many of us.
apparently the only thing you dont hate your asian parents for is instilling massive amounts of  in you.
and  ny developer   racistdeathwish
reading list for the new year:   afrofuturism anarchism capitalism colonialism magicrealism
john terry just chose white christmas as his favourite christmas song on  no surprise there.
openly and total  against obama russia's graceless goodbye to america's first black president:
goodbye 2016.... i definitely hope we leave behind
beware of the "snowball effect" black men. they're not our women
perfect timing for this tweet  staup
zionism is  .. ultra-ohodox jewish children's worksheet says 'non-jews' are evil
malia shake that ass you so fine.....pass the blunt
america isn't racist. their are a plethora of reasons for someone not to like obama. you're ignorant in many fashio
you okay with this  of course you are traitor  bully notmypres notmypresident
activists: want to stop ? not sure where to begin? let us show you how:  cc:
we have to do this. need to change  profiling economicapahied hatespeech and get service to the poor.
if you don't like his politics that's one thing but why the  ?? so pathetic
buffalo school board moves to oust controversial  ally for  remarks trumpocalypse
preorder live 99c/99p swiftly sharpens the fang  dystopian tale of
is a  & a sick fuck he looks like his pedophile friend
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
jeffsessions thinks we won't notice as he redacts decades of ove  in his application for ag confirmation.
sea shepherd suppoers are racist   antiracism seashepherd
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
also you can't love the usa with all your hea and then suppo trump. because he hates half of the
greetings from the us to the world  discrimination
thanks to racists + fascist it's now 280-  + fascism sucks refugeeswelcome
the fuck done with mansplaining and other  bullshit.
. ends 2016 with a hopeful message against  in the music industry  via
not every election ushers in lies hate  misogyny or the incineration of democracy.
why are white people expats when the rest of us are immigrants?   whiteprivilege
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
girl get fuck bondage leather girl
dwyane wade nbavote    if you hate  boycottdelta islamophobia
i'm not  i just hate those muzzies
people aren't protesting trump because a republican won-they do so because trump has fuhered  &
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
as us citizens we find ourselves in a period of great contradictions. ie..fascistdemocracy  seems to be...
antisemitism;  kills. in 2017 remember no-one is born to hate. love can change the world
the dems need to keep feeding their  narrative. marxism
why is santa always white?  newswithed
chick gets fucked crazy european sex
7 ways facebooks repoingsystem fails it is communitystandards it is users by    blacklivesmatter
sessions to african-americans: fear not    jeffsessions imagemakeovers makeo
white girl has sex with black guy girls nackt video free online
are you black & feel like the  are stomping on you?   retweet tampa miami
the real  and antisemites are  and the progressive minions not freedom lo
my video on the whole  situation boycottdelta exposed truth  fraud adamsaleh delta prankster
you might be a libtard if... libtard  sjw liberal politics
stop these  chelski fans. equality diversity
what has todays attitude to women got in common with that of norman bates? psycho feminism hollaback
hatredgreed& destroyed many livesbut mad leadership & bad government policies have destroyed more. newyear2017 politics
bringing back morals obama  dividerofanation
paladino is one of a rare breed of  that should be shot in the street and left pissing blood in the gutter.
please don't forget to use the word  that is what "binds" these men. we can never ignore or excuse that
'an unappetizing scam' :-) | women we need to throw off the  shackles of salad | food foodie |
that hammock just attempted whitegenocide lies tinfoilhat fakenews altrightcards
us refuses to veto resolution on israel  zionism illegalsettlements
allahsoil we should not conflate islamic extremism with terrorism    emiratis 2016in4
see what russia is doing in syria  destroying masjids
come on n wake the eff up usa this is craziness. does it all stem from  n hatred of obama ? it seems like
dr. frances cress welsing - racism defined whitesupremacy  drfranciscresswelsing
the end of   me selfie  love messi cr7 religion christianity mecca_live
nothing. that would be .  taharrush taharrushgamea rapeugee
i couldn't end 2016 without mentioning trump.  feminism photographs shockfactor
a follow up from the gentlemen who were kicked off of  airlines for simply speaking arabic
did  keep colinpowell and condoleezzarice from being secretaryofstate? words not to use in 2017 . jumpedtheshark
feminismiscancer feminismisterrorism feminismmuktbharat why  malevote is ignored
judd is a  & homophobic freemilo milo freemilo milo freemilo milo freemilo milo freemilo
lady banned from kentucky mall.   jcpenny kentucky
oh my fucking god i'm offended i'm a  mailbox and i'm proud mailboxpride  liberalisme
you don't have the balls to hashtag me as a  but you say i am to weasel away.. lumpy tony.. dipshit.
makes you ask yourself who am i? then am i anybody? until ....god . oh thank you god
sikh temple vandalised in in calgary wso condemns  act
